How is the letter 's' (or the 's' sound) pronounced in Spain?
What are the main differences between Spanish in Spain and Spanish in Latin America?
How to pronounce the consonants y and ll?
¿Cuál es la diferencia entre tú, usted, y vos?
When is it written with and without accent: porqué/porque/por qué?
How should I translate table (as in a data table)?
Proper response to ¿Qué me cuentas?
Question words: qué versus cuál
'vos' vs 'tú' usage by country
Distribution of Spanish speakers regarding 's' and 'c' pronunciation
How to translate the idiom: missing the point?
What is the difference between: aquel and aquél
¿Por qué es la palabra «mano» femenina?
Difference between por and para
When to use ya and todavía
Proper translation of a Cole Porter song title?
Why is agua masculine in singular form and feminine in plural? El agua / Las aguas
How can I translate un ámbito cerrado into English?
When to use que and de que
How to translate I can't wait...
¿Existen las palabras «nosotras» y «vosotras»?
Origin of contigo and similar contractions
Best translation of accountability
Unclear why to use A vuestros hijos instead of vuestros hijos
How important are accents in written Spanish?
How prevalent is the phrase qué padre?
Present subjunctive in vos form
Is there a translation for He thumbed his nose at them?
Translating to be excited to...
Any difference between aquí and acá
How should I translate he is a pain in the ass?
Dale pues in Nicaraguan Spanish
Translation of should have
What's the correct way to say printed?
When should I use the word 'yo' in a sentence where the verb conjugation already shows that I am the subject?
How to translate 'to become?' (hacerse, ponerse, convertirse en, etc.)
Origin and usage of ¿ and ¡
It was great to see you
Regional use of genial
Translation of raw milk
Maje (or mae) in Nicaraguan Spanish
Approximant vs. fricative realization of /b/, /d/, /g/
Está hecho de... why not es hecho de?
How to translate the idiomatic expressions I wish! and You wish!
How to translate open source and free software and keep the distinction?
Use of Que in Que todo te vaya bien
Are there regions or dialects which use both tú and vos?
How can I know if a word or phrase should be avoided due to regional variations?
Pronunciation of words ending in -n
Are there native-born Spanish speakers that can't trill their R's?
How to Translate Sabor A Mi into English
Does an accent mark change the pronunciation of single-syllable words?
Preterit of ser and ir
Are there vulgarities in Spanish that are universal throughout the language?
Difference between hay, ay and ahí
What are some terms of endearment for a girlfriend/wife?
¿Cuál es la diferencia entre «también» y «tampoco»?
Is there an equivalent, in Spanish, for the interrobang?
Why should we use estar over ser for being old or fat?
How should we translate everything but the kitchen sink or the whole enchilada?
Proper spelling of beisbol
Why is the X in México and Texas pronunced as the letter J?
What is the future subjunctive and how was it used?
When should I use the pure passive voice in Spanish? ( fue/fueron [past participle] )
Etymology of usted
Names of letters b and v
Single or multiple word names of numbers
Infinitive instead of past participle in Maná's El Verdadero Amor Perdona
How can I tell someone what I'm reading about?
Usage of the compound preposition para con
Words and phrases with non-evident prejudice
Proper placement of inverted question mark
American style TV shows in Spanish
Forma correcta de nisiquiera
How to choose between carecer and faltar?
How to translate make it count
How to interpret dar a or dar a conocer?
How to decide between ahora and ya for the sense now?
Do alborada, amanecer, and madrugada refer to the same thing?
What does barrocanrolera mean?
Usage of oso to express embarrassment
What's the origin of the Panamanian word biñuelo? Is it merely a corruption of buñuelo?
Usage of adiós in the Basque country
Was the word bomb only used as slang in Chile and only in the '80s?
How widespread was (or is) the phrase La mamá de Tarzán?
How do I know whether to attach a direct object pronoun to the infinitive?
What is the correct order of object pronouns?
¿Cómo se pueden identificar palabras árabes en español?
ir a «infinitive» vs. future tense
Determining gender of words ending in e
List of most commonly used Spanish words
Are there any words that have opposite regional meanings?
Significance of adjective placement
Etymological origin of false friends between Spanish and English
Suffixes used to transform an adjective into a noun
Rendering of to fear?
Is the use of @ instead of 'a' or 'o' in order to refer to both masculine and femenine accepted?
Why are certain words ending in a masculine?
What is the diminutive of pan (meaning bread)?
Iros instead of idos (imperative of verb ir)
Is there a standard, most common, or most neutral Spanish term for chat room?
Is/Was there a Basic Spanish?
What is apercibido?
Does indirect speech in Spanish require changes in tense, mood, etc?
Usage of llevar a trabajar vs llevar al trabajo
What is the difference between different ways of expressing desire and intention?
How are «parecer», «semejante», and «similar» used to express sameness?
Is al a relatively new word?
How to Explain the use of vosotros to refer to an individual in the movie, El Laberinto del Fauno (Pan's Labyrinth)?
Was rr ever considered officially a letter of the Spanish alphabet?
Matutino and Vespertino
What makes a question in Spanish rhetorical?
Words for East and West in Spanish?
How does portuñol work and how effective is it?
Is there a name for words having two opposite meanings?
When is Te quiero used to mean I love you?
When to use igual and lo mismo?
How to translate It's for the best?
When should you use the preterite or the imperfect to express past time?
¿Cómo se pronuncia un número de siglo?
Are there any true nouns containing a hyphen in the Spanish language?
Are there any subtle differences between de nuevo and otra vez?
Ser and Estar: Spanish vs. Portuguese
Age range of niño, chico, muchacho, joven, etc
Definition of escuela and colegio
The letter k in Spanish
Best translation of just wanted to
What is the most idiomatic translation of no way!
Historical pronunciation of letters b and v
Bueno as hello or greeting?
¡Buenas! greeting in morning
Words that mean different things in the preterite
Guion vs Guión - Are there other words which could be written in multiple ways?
Are there any nouns with irregular plurals in Spanish?
How did the words mataburros and tumbaburros come to mean dictionary?
Does using tío imply a negative opinion?
What Spanish term (or terms) work best to describe a glass jar as used for coffee, jam, etc?
What does tracatera mean?
What is the origin of the word tascalate?
What is surime?
What does sobadito mean?
What exactly is repocheta?
What does the Mexican term predialazo refer to?
How regional or widespread are the colloquial pa / pa' in place of para?
Is there any subtle difference between the two forms of the imperfect subjuntive?
Can los cristales be translated as mirrors or looking glasses?
Various translations of ticket
Translating looking forward to
Translation of contact info
Why buenas noches when it's only one night?
What does lo in (no) lo es refer to?
How should I ask someone to repeat something they've said?
Analog to sustainability
Origin of the name Jesucristo
How can I say colmo properly in English?
De donde fue instead of De donde estaba
Translating I hear (that)...
Translating actually (as in a change of mind)
No supo la respuesta
Origin of the mexican expression güey/buey
vaso de agua or vaso con agua? Which is correct?
Appropriate way to answer a negative yes/no question
When is mitad appropriate?
Is it bad to address a young male as señor?
What is a good, original Spanish childrens novel to help learn grammar and vocab?
Use of ¿A cómo está [...]? to ask for a price
Fall in love with (non-romantic)
Responding to an apology (no problem, don't worry about it, etc.)
Translating I'm bad with [remembering] something
Translating be right back (or brb)
xq in Internet slang/abbreviations
Greetings for presents and cards
Indirect object and le
idioma, lengua and lenguaje
Usage of donde la espalda cambia de nombre
Internet Chat laughter in Spanish
Idiomatic translation of Dame tu luz?
How would you build the spanish counterpart of truthiness?
Aún vs. todavía, what's the difference?
Plural form of compound words
Why is Enrique pronunced as though it has a double r?
Is there a colloquial Spanish equivalent for to get it in the sense of grasping a concept?
Why don't Spanish words start with sp?
How would you express giving a command to yourself in Spanish?
What are the accentuation rules in Spanish?
Words for strong or weak rain (sprinkling, drizzling, pouring)
Different words for hole
Different words for sign
What are leísmo, loísmo, and laísmo?
Why is Usted sometimes abbreviated as Vd. instead of Ud.? Is there any difference in usage between the two?
Article usage before country names
Debuccalization of /s/ to [h]
Perdón, permiso, disculpa, ... ?
Latin /f/ to Spanish /h/
¿Qué te interesa? or ¿Qué te interesan?
Counterpart of John Doe, Joe Public?
Is ¿Qué hora es? or ¿Qué horas son? preferred?
adjectives for same thing vs. same kind of thing
Translating medicine names to Spanish
Spanish phrasal verbs
Spanish abbreviation for the United States of America
Referring to a specific bisabuelo(a)
Why is a comma used before a y in some cases?
Habría or Hubiera
Translation of 'I was the one who did it'
How to avoid the lexical redundancy in the literal Spanish translation of to ask a question?
Are there other feminine only adjectives in Spanish besides embarazada?
What's the best way to say perífrasis verbal in English?
judging something as poor (objectively) , bad (emotionally)
to feel ashamed for an unknown person or a cringe-worthy experience
Counterpart of gutter language
Pluralize words ending in a tonic vowel
What's the function of mismo in this sentence?
What's the ísimo in the following words?
What's the difference between debe de y debe?
Difference between broma and chiste
Translating how is ...? and how was ...?
Liking a musician or other artist
Is there a Spanish equivalent for OP?
Understanding desde ya
Why is 'estar muerto' used instead of 'ser muerto'?
What's the difference between dentro and adentro?
What is the imperative without pronoun of 'Saber'? Why?
Gender illusions?
Desde luego meaning and etymology
Rules applied to the separation of syllables
Usage of millar vs millón
What is the most common way to answer the phone?
What is the most common way to end a phone call?
Backchannels (listener responses) in Spanish
Translating young man and young woman
Bonita, linda, hermosa, bella, and guapa: what's the difference?
Do compounds exist in Spanish which are not nouns or are nouns other than than of the form (3ps verb + pl noun)?
Why is Usted grammatically a third person?
Origin and use of echar de menos
Is there a Spanish equivalent for '(sic)'?
Tanto X como Y - ¿importa el orden?
When to use 'o' and 'ó'
Translation of Under Pressure -- Queen song title
I forgot how to say I forgot
Are there any differences between de nada and por nada?
Computer science, software engineer/developer, and programmer
Difference between 'trabajar para' and 'trabajar por'
Is there a connection between cuchillo and cuchara?
Origin of the phrase la quinta ... to denote an undesirable or faraway place
Differences between aun, hasta, and incluso to indicate extremes?
Difference between tener que ... and necesitar ...?
Translation of the C++ move constructor language element
Usage of mueco vs. mellado for toothless
Use of AM/PM in time
What's the meaning of the -azo suffix?
What suffixes are used to indicate jobs?
What's the meaning of the expression nada que ver?
What's the meaning of hasta in the following sentences?
Cannot use adverbs + possessives: delante de ti v/s delante tuyo
Translating How long does it take to get from <here> to <there>?
Is there a difference between español and castellano?
Is there a Spanish equivalent to Ms.?
When is it appropriate to say buenos días?
Why isn't good morning buenas mañanas?
Is it acceptable to leave out the inverted punctuation marks?
Proper response to ¿Qué onda?
What is an expression in parentheses in the middle of a phrase called?
Usage of ver(se) for to seem/look (te ves, se te ve, te veo, etc.)
Quotation mark usage in Spanish
Dash and hyphen usage in Spanish
What's the origin of the word chido?
Why does the preterite of traducir transform into tradujo?
bastante: enough or too much?
Spanish etymology resources
Translating break (during work)
How can I translate the expression sour grapes to Spanish?
How can I distinguish between girlfriend, fiancée and bride, which are all novia?
Why is 'estoy' used when saying I'm related to
When is ello used?
Indicative vs. subjunctive in no importa qué dice el destino
Translating aquaponics
Choosing between 'sobre' and 'acerca de'
Te va (a) encantar - is a necessary?
Different words for stop
Translating paying one's (final) respects
pensando en ti vs. pensando de ti vs. pensándote
What does the lo in pasarlo bien refer to?
Translating Me la paso pensándote
Expressing past belief (creí vs. creía vs. pensé vs. pensaba)
What's the function of the letter h?
What is the difference between enfrente and frente?
Translating I don't trust you (said casually)
Translating preferences and settings
Ordinary, regular, run-of-the-mill, average, etc
What is the difference between a partir de y desde?
Spanish names for preterite and imperfect tenses
What is the symbol & called in Spanish?
Translating Thanks in advance
Equivalent of To whom it may concern:
What exactly are the passive se and impersonal se?
se pronoun in no fault constructions
Origin of vos pronoun
Plurals of numbers
Most common translation of Happy New Year!
¿Septiembre or setiembre?
When to use tratar de and when to use intentar for to try to?
Airport baggage vocabulary
Translating a sí mismo, por sí mismo
Jumping between pronunciations of y in Spanish songs
What do the Latin American language academies do?
reserva vs. reservación
When does sólo have an accent?
Best English translation of conmoción
Other spanish synonyms to Banana
When would one use the subjunctive form of a verb?
Why camarada means friend?
Different words for beer
Free online resources for beginner course
Translating I'm sorry for your loss
Speakers' location in determining venir vs. ir
Vegetable: verdura vs. vegetal
Literal and metaphorical translation of duende
Translating wait until or wait for
Translating peripheral (computer device)
video vs. grabación
Names of mythical beings/creatures
Difference between some verbs and pronomial forms of the verb with the same translation
Why is por prefered to para in the example within?
Are nonsensical lyrics common in Spanish lyrics?
How important is 'proper' pronunciation in Spanish and is it incorrect to 'make up' a dialect?
Difference between usage of por favor and please
Is there a consistent rule for constructing reflexive verbs?
What do Mexicans always mutter to me after I say, Feliz año?
When should the subjunctive be used after 'cuando'?
What is the plural of 'Cuba Libre' (the beverage)?
When to add prepositions before an infinitive verb (por/para/a/de)?
Regional usage and literal meaning of ¡No manches!
¿Cómo se dice cheers en español?
What adjective ending to use with algo masculino y/o algo femenino
A good word for quest in Spanish
Using qué or quién when talking about people
Algún to represent an indefinite quantity?
Is me gustas ever right?
Why is buena in different places depending on its use?
Proper response to con permiso
Any rhyme or reason to the names of playing cards?
What is the etymology of the diéresis or crema?
Translation of to play favorites
Board game vocabulary
Translation of to talk behind someone's back
Names of children's games
What is the origin of word endings like -ducir, -vocar, -locar, -ludir, -mitir?
¿Cómo se dice, “a caso” o “acaso”?
Basque words in Spanish vocabulary
What is the difference between 'hallar' and 'encontrar'?
Can I learn to roll my R's?
Response when you don't understand what's said before ¿..., verdad?
How formal is cuán? What are the informal alternatives?
Translation of ni modo
Translation of contra viento y marea
Translation of range (as in age range)
What does chepa mean in Nicaraguan Spanish?
Is there a name for the inner part of the elbow?
Spanish words for cap, cover, lid, etc
Words for size
What does the slang cerote mean?
Difference between favor de and por favor
How to say instead (when at the end of a sentence)
Is there a translation for 'Piloncillo'?
Difference between 'podría estar' and 'estaría'
Meaning and connotations of gringo
Where did pico de gallo get its name?
How should have been be translated?
Is the country México or Méjico?
Translation of What goes around comes around
Translation of awkward (as in an awkward situation)
Translation of cheesy
Audio maps of spanish dialects?
Argentine slang 're'
Polite terms for excrement
Most accurate translation of possum
Is there a rule for forming the diminutive of names?
Vocabulary related to the nose
Translation of bowl
Translation of CD and DVD
Latinoamérica, Hispanoamérica, or Sudamérica?
Why is it 'Santo' Tomás/Domingo, not 'san'?
What's the meaning of Y yo voy y me lo creo?
Is there a translation for cougar?
7up in Spanish speaking countries
Learning programming in a Spanish speaking country
Studying Spanish at school in a Spanish speaking country
Most common verbs
Why ¿Cómo te llamas? means ¿Cuál es tu nombre??
Choosing between Mirar and Ver
When should the subjunctive be used after mientras?
antes que vs. antes de que
Ways to say you're welcome
después que vs. después de que
Translation of What's wrong?
Translation of Are you ok? or Are you alright?
usted and its usage
Translation of to catch up (sharing recent happenings with someone you haven't seen lately)
Efficient: eficiente vs. eficaz
Translation of llevar a cabo
Spanish abbreviations of days of the week
Spanish phonetic alphabet
although vs. even though vs. though
s final en tiempo pretérito indefinido: -aste(s), -iste(s)
What is the difference between Entrometido and Entremetido?
Translation of garden shears
Armpit: sobaco vs. axila
Waterfall: cascada vs. catarata
Translation of personal statement
Translating kind words (as in Thank you for your kind words.)
Translating to open up and closed (revealing feelings to another)
Translation of I have a feeling...
¿Cuál es la etimología de al fin y al cabo?
Translation of too good to be true
What is the difference between allí and ahí (there)?
Usage of the word acullá
Does pelón/pelona mean bald or hairy?
shy: tímido vs. reservado vs. vergonzoso vs. penoso
Translation of be nice (said to children)
Translation of Great!
Software environments (development, testing, staging, production)
plan: plano vs. plan
lo ayudo vs. le ayudo (direct vs. indirect object)
justicia: justice and righteousness?
If you need to clarify a speaker with a pronoun, do you need to clarify all verbs in the sentence with one?
How to form statements like It was during that time that...
What's the meaning of Te la bañaste expression?
Translation of let me know
Are there any words in Spanish that are very difficult to translate to English?
Comparing number of words in Spanish and English
What Spanish dialect is used for dubbing international films/shows?
Translation of bed bug (chinche?)
Insect bites vs. stings
challenge: desafío vs. reto
esperar: wait vs. hope vs. expect
Translation of bloody etc. for frustration (colloquialisms)
What is the verb landarse (to be it in a game of tag)?
Ways to express to get ready or to get dressed
How are first and second books of the Bible pronounced?
When do two vowels in Spanish form a diphthong?
How do you write task lists in Spanish?
Reflexive and non-reflexive third person
Using female nouns to refer to males, how are adjectives affected?
Why do definitions use 'que' rather than 'lo que'
Echar vs tirar vs lanzar vs arrojar vs disparar (to throw)
cordura vs sensatez vs juicio vs sabiduría
What's the meaning of me choca expression?
Translation of in a pickle and related phrases
Translation of It will be a while before/until...
Translation of settling in
Translation of thank goodness or whew!
What is the difference between parece and pareciera?
Words for mountain/hill
Translation of how often questions
Translation of take your time
What's the difference between estar ansioso de and estar ansioso por?
How can we say I'm sorry apart from lo siento?
Querer vs Amar & Adorar
Where does the alternate meaning for mateo come from?
Two nouns in a row, or, is it OK to omit de?
Translating They don't call me ... for nothing.
Translation of What was your name again?
Break: romper vs. quebrar vs. quebrantar vs. partir
waste: desperdiciar vs. malgastar
to drink: beber vs. tomar
¿Cuál es la forma correcta de mencionar un año?(de o del)
Translation of Take ___ for granted
Translation of Who are you writing to
Translation of 'verbose'
What is ya va in Venezuelan Spanish?
Pregunta sobre pronombre: preguntárnoslas
Should I include a after conocemos?
Should I use preterit or imperfect to express something that used to happen repeatedly?
When should I attach the indirect and direct object pronoun to the end of a verb?
What is the meaning of que and cual without an accent mark?
Translation of en cierta medida
Translation of desarrollo integral
Usage of fea and rico
Uses of SE : se discutió
holy: santo vs. sagrado
wallet: cartera vs. billetera
Translation of to be fluent (in a language)
How outdated is the Spanish of the Reina-Valera Bible?
¿Cómo se describe la temperatura?
¿Qué tipo de palabra es «alto»?
Reclamo vs. Reclamación
When it is okay to translate food dishes names?
Translating to wind up (doing something)
Translation of the idiom: To wind (somebody) up
Translation of to wind (a rope, hose, string, cord, etc.)
Translation of cord, cable, string, line, thread, rope, etc
Translation of mild, medium, and hot (food spiciness)
Translation of I rest my case
What is the difference between por si and por si acaso?
What does haiga mean?
Happy Birthday songs in Spanish
congratulations: felicidades vs. felicitaciones
Translation of real estate
Mariscal de campo for quarterback
Translation of twang
When is me encanta romantic?
Words for to encourage: alentar, animar, fomentar
What does les mean here?
What does le mean here?
Differences betwen ahí, allí, y allá
matricular y matricularme
Translation of desafuero to English
Translation of ASAP
Singular and plural of pants, shorts, jeans, etc
pensaban que no había suficientes habitaciones VS no pensaban que hubieran suficientes habitaciones
Difference between un poco de and un poco
Difference between enterar por and enterar de
Word usage: caminamos VS caminábamos
What is the rule for forming fractional numbers?
feliz vs. alegre vs. dichoso
When is uppercase used in English but lowercase in Spanish?
Difference between oreja and oído
Difference between: susurro and murmullo
Difference between susto and aprensión
How does one chain noun adjuncts in Spanish?
Throughput in Spanish?
Word : se quedaban
When should I use 'al'?
Ser and estar for location
Is there a trick to remembering 'llevar' and 'traer'?
Why is sport in Spanish 'deporte' and not 'esporte'?
Te elegimos a ti en concreto. Isn't it pleonasm? When is it allowed?
Convention for group-recited, gender-specific, self-referencing pronouns
Good News/Chat/Cultural Podcasts in Spanish?
Origin of 'r' in 'rencontrar'
Why does mostrar a mean to show and not to show to?
Continuing education after high school
What is the difference between De nada and No hay de qué?
Difference between está and esta or esté and este?
Translations of 'anyway'
Why, when, and how did vowels E and I get special treatment from consonants like C,G & Q?
How might you say a child is cute in Spanish?
Grammar of tengo and tienes
Translating wise (not referring to a person, e.g. wise decision)
Translating Help! (interjection)
Difference between mas and más
Is mas sin embargo a pleonasm?
What is the preferred word to use to know if the partner is grasping what you are explaining?
forever: por siempre vs. para siempre
What is the correct way to say the days of a month?
Is versus a Spanish word?
Why fiestas de árboles and not árboles de fiestas?
What's the plural of suéter?
What's the function of lo in lo que?
In what cases are de and para interchangeable?
What's the meaning of the Mexican expression se te va el avión?
How do you say I'm gonna get you!?
In referring to a website's appearance, how would I say Skin or Theme?
Why does toalla sound like tualla?
Usage of plural in collective objects?
Connotations of mortal (slang)
Translating If (request), that would be great.
What is the difference between de corto plazo and a corto plazo?
Translation of I would be more than happy to (do something).
Translation of How difficult was that
Gusto variant of the verb gustar
Are there other words that can't be written? (like sal-le)
How to refer to a specific decade in Spanish? eg. the 1960's
Translation of How far back? in the context of time
What's the difference between rezar and orar? Are there any other ways to say 'to pray'?
Different words for servant
What is the difference between por medio de and a través de?
Translation of first time doing something
How do you say a shot referring to alcohol?
Quizás or quizá, which one is preferred?
What is the difference between requerir and exigir?
What is the meaning of melaza in the song Caras Lindas?
Are burro and aburrir related?
Plug vs Socket: Interchangeable?
What's the difference between sólo, únicamente and solamente?
Translation of Field (as in, on a form)
How to respond to ¿Cómo estás?
Best way to translate 'uneducated', meaning lacking formal schooling
Is Portapapeles the correct translation for Clipboard?
Condescendiente / Condescendant
Rules of style for Spanish
How are words with ps or pt pronounced?
What is the preferred used word for subscripción?
What would be a good way to express You can't get something out of nothing?
Is fiscalía related to fiscal?
Quick brown fox... equivalent in Spanish?
Translation of slacks (dress pants)
How do you describe a slight right/left turn (bearing left or right)?
What exactly are mis rasgos?
Use of Veni? Is it a real word?
Translation: To wish expressing regret
Translation: so to begin a sentence
Translation for the adjective haunting (as in a haunting melody)
Good *extensible* dictionary software?
What would be a good way of expressing Es un placer haber sido de utilidad.?
How do you spell Chocaraet correctly?
How big are the regional differences in the Spanish spoken in different countries?
What is the meaning of the phrase ¿Cómo ves??
Is remover a good translation for to remove?
Describing stress in Spanish
What is the longest word in Spanish?
What are some effective ways a foreign speaker can improve pronunciation in Spanish?
Which language do I use to address Spanish speaker in America?
Is tobogán an acceptable word for slide throughout the Spanish speaking world?
What is the correct translation for licensed file?
No se acumulan vs No están acumulados
Can someone help deconstruct the sentence Hicieron usted su tarea para hoy?
What is the role of the le in the sentence Miguel le dio a su novia un anillo.?
Is there an idiomatic equivalent in Spanish for “to have other fish to fry”
performance car en español
Putting a child in time out en Español
What is the difference between personas and gente?
How do I ask someone not to call me usted?
What is the spanish translation for Account when referring to a user account on a website?
Earthquake: When to use temblor and terremoto
Ironic constructions in Spanish
Do mi and mío have different connotations?
Blob in computer vision
What would be a good translation of to go well with?
Is there a difference in the pronuciation of a single vowel or multiple vowels in a row?
Shorter/alternate version of refrigerator
What's the origin of words ended in letter j?
Translation of so close
Is $5 pesos proper form in Spanish?
¿Cuál es la diferencia entre formación y capacitación?
¿Cómo pedir la opinión de alguien?
When is al not interchangeable with a el?
You look good versus You smell good
¿Cómo se dice la expresión screen name?
Are there cases when I can mute last s?
Translation of by the way
How should I discuss my wife's due date?
True meaning of por cierto
Forming a conditional clause in present and present tense
Usar puntuación extra para expresar incredulidad
accommodating (as in Thanks for being so accommodating)
Preposiciones para dirección
Difference between suave and blando
Major and minor (emphasis of study in college)
Plurals of loan words
Distinguishing quiz and test
Complemento vs. Suplemento
Translating Slow down! (in informal contexts)
Is there an equivalent idiom for Slow and steady wins the race?
Is there a Spanish equivalent to -ish?
What is the preferred way of saying I have to go?
Do fluent Spanish Speakers say the pronoun when speaking?
Is there a difference between cilantro and culantro in Spanish?
When is the indirect object pronoun required in sentences with an indirect object?
¿Qué significa en Argentina al pedo?
¿Cómo se dice, How's it going?
Uso de concernidos
Cuándo usar usar o utilizar
¿Cuál es la etimología de sin embargo?
Spanish for douche?
Acordar or recordar? What's the correct use? ¿Cuál es el uso correcto?
My kind of ___ in Spanish
What's the difference between vamos and vámonos?
Why does saber mean both to know and to taste?
What is the most universal way to say keep the change?
¿Por qué mis amigas dicen listo en vez de lista cuando están listas para ir?
¿Cómo se dice regionalmente coquetear?
Ways used to refer to another person?
¿Es redundante la expresión suele ser frecuente?
Traduccion para as far as I can tell / Translation for as far as I can tell
Translating should expressing future desirability
Comer y beber como animales
Correct usage of debieras and deberías
¿Cómo se deben pronunciar las palabras que empiezan con hue?
¿Cuál es el análisis gramatical de Hay pan?
Difference Between Computadora and Ordenador
¿Doble complemento directo?
Is la sétima a correct word?
Sostenernos de una sombra
Translation needed for school board
Translation needed for chairman
What accents do not use yeísmo?
Is this a correct translation for A new world awaits
Is this a correct translation for “Today I read a book”
How to say Pick up
Is there a difference between claro and por supuesto?
¿Qué significa salir del paso?
¿Qué significa cdta en una receta?
How to say My old teacher
Uses of se: se rompió o rompió
Pronouncing years in Spanish
¿Qué palabra se usa para describir cuando un pago cubre hasta cierta fecha?
¿Cuál es la diferencia entre por lo tanto y por tanto?
What is the rule for cualquier, cualquiera, and cualesquiera?
Difference between salvo and salvado (religion)
Translating shrewd (as in a shrewd businessman)
Propogation of the subjunctive through clauses
¿Qué significa «En 2.° plano»?
Where does the expression Oe oe oe oe oe, ... oeee, ... oeee come from?
¿Cuándo se le pone tilde a más?
How translate MD5 checksum?
Describing the common cold or flu in Spanish
Why do oler and saber take the preposition a?
Las palabras definidas como genero ambiguo como internet ¿se deben utilizar con artículo femenino o masculino?
Why is the phrase ¡Hasta la próxima! feminine?
What are the differences between el mar and la mar?
Translation of church planting vocabulary
Regional differences between escuchar and oír
Word usage: serme
Difference between oeste and occidente
Sentences structure: garantizarse
Sentence structure: el que, lo que
Difference between igual and como
¿Qué significa 'va' en Nos vemos después, ¿va?
¿Cómo debo usar ? al final de una pregunta citada?
Repartiera meaning (or what is subjunctive preterite imperfect?)
Is performance a common word in spanish IT terminology?
¿Es correcto decir salir afuera?
¿Donde se crió? o ¿Donde crió?
Verbos en pasado que tienen una s extra al final
Comprometerse a
Word usage : te pertenece
Con qué, a qué, lo que
Practicamos hablando
Gramática : Que
Gramática: reflexivo
Gramática: no te hagas el bobo
Gramatica: te veo los ojos
Reflexivo: Se dativo
¿Cuál es la diferencia entre honor y honra?
Words for on purpose, accidentally, intentionally, unintentionally, etc
Género de derecha/o e izquierda
Gramática: tengo miedo que y tengo miedo y creer que
When do you not conjugate verbs?
¿Cómo escribo el subjuntivo presente de 'adelgazar'?
How to say the payment cleared?
How can I say to take the derivative (mathematics) in spanish?
Are contracted pronunciations of mathematical functions common in spanish?
How to say something is annoying in Spanish?
cursive and printed writing
How did asistir and atender become opposite of their cognates in english?
Equivalent of Joe in spanish?
Periférico de sonido en inglés?
What am I doing when I use the subjunctive?
Why is búho written with an acute accent?
How do I say You're making me hungry?
Spanish translation for also?
A good free book to get started
¿Es correcto usar 'amarizar' o 'amartizar' para aterrizar en Marte?
Why is De nada used as a response to Gracias?
¿Es correcto abreviar visto bueno  como VoBo.?
Using pronoun after similarly conjugated verb?
Translation: más famoso del cine
How do you use the passive se with a reflexive verb?
What is the difference between ser casado and estar casado?
What is the difference between ser cierto and ser verdad?
Are there any free bilingual books in Spanish and English?
no + verb + nada
Transliteration + translation of pangram
Something happened while something else was going on
Synonyms for big (grande), as in volume?
Difference between vegetales and verduras?
How translate Troubleshoot into this sentence?
añorar vs extrañar
What does que lo que means?
To remark that / faire remarquer: advertir?
¿Es común omitir 'de' cuando se habla de funciones de un variable o de una expresión?
¿Cuál es el origen de la frase al pan, pan, y al vino, vino?
¿Hay otra palabra o frase para expresar 'muestreo aleatorio'?
¿Se usa 'guácala' fuera de México?
Translation of bug to Spanish
¿Qué significa de pe a pa?
Acentos gráficos sobre las palabras de una sola silaba
What's the translation of 'dates'?
Spanish Accent Character Substitutions?
¿Como se traduciría al español crunch time?
Pronunciación de la letra ge
What does La hora de los loros mean?
¿Qué es inventar el hilo negro?
Tildes sobre las letras mayúsculas
Understanding ya vs. todavía vs. aún
¿Qué significa tuanis?
Why does bomba mean so many different things?
Tapping and longpressing in spanish?
What does apañao mean?
How would you properly say this sentence in Spanish?
¿Qué significa la frase Estoy más puesta que un calcetín?
Todo lo demás son tonterías
When do you have to change adjectives ending in -c and another vowel to a qu while using -ísimo?
Origen de la conjunción copulativa y
Duda con la frase ir a [lugar]
Regional pronunciations of LL
How to say 'Is climate change making them worse?', with 'them' referring to floods
¿Qué significa pata de perro?
Translation for Tail value at risk
What would be a good translation of becario?
¿Cuál es el diminutivo de mano, foto, moto, etc.?
¿Cómo se usa la forma femenina de tema?
¿Cuál palabra es ouo?
Translation of Welcome back!
How do you differentiate between walnuts and pecans in Spanish?
¿Qué es una máquina de coser para costura over?
Spanish words for loop
¿Cuál es la diferencia entre comer y comerse?
Differences between preocupado and molesto?
Does the phrase 'asegurarse de' (ensures that) need to be followed by a subjunctive?
¿Qué significa la expresión a lo que te truje chencha?
¿Existe un equivalente en español para foo, bar, baz?
Coffee with legs / The cafe with legs
What is the difference between herramientas and útiles?
¿Qué significa la expresión a ojo de buen cubero?
¿Quienes son más afectados por el ustedeo?
Translation of guilt trip
What is the meaning of the word KOS in the conquestadores stirrup shoe?
Translation of checking in and following up (on/with someone)
Second person singluar imperative of a reflexive verb ending in a diphthong
¿En qué países se utiliza la expresión colgar el sambenito?
¿Qué significa El Pueblo Presidente?
Is it important to place question and exclamation marks at the start of sentence?
Why a ti and not just ti
Adjective for fried food
Etymology of caber. Why does it share conjugation with saber?
Better translation of the word 'estafa in reference to a female
Antier para expresar el día anterior a ayer
¿Por qué razón en España suelen pronunciar los extranjerismos de acuerdo a las reglas del español y no a las reglas del idioma original?
a propósito vs de paso to say by the way
Unsanded Grout in Spanish
Chorizo como sinónimo de ladrón
¿Hay una mejor traducción para up-vote y down-vote que voto positivo y voto negativo?
Which sense of measure does medida refer to?
Alternativas a irretrasable
¿En breve o en breves momentos?
¿Se escribe Gobierno español o gobierno español?
Reemplazo de Y por E seguido de coma
¿Es correcto decir esto no tiene sentido?
Jugada estratégica
¿Es correcto decir El (infinitivo del verbo) ....?
¿Ahí y allí son distinguibles cuando usadas en países donde se usa mayormente el yeísmo?
Melómano y cinéfilo ¿Por qué se forman con sufijos diferentes?
How to say become in Spanish?
How to translate Overview and Outline?
Scientific concept into spanish issue
Translate something that is in a fashion way
re-optimizar o volver a optimizar o reoptimizar
How to translate Extensibility mechanisms
Toma un tiempo o lleva un tiempo, ¿qué suena más natural?
¿De dónde viene la expresión en capilla ardiente?
How to express the concept for each disctinct grouping of column value combinations in spanish
Sinónimo de una especie de refiriéndose a un tipo o a una descripción no a la definición biológica
Po for pues - anywhere else but Chile?
¿Qué significa la tercera edad?
¿Cómo empezar una carta de manera formal/oficial?
What does pelite mean, in regards to orthopedics?
¿Cuándo usar conseguir o lograr?
¿Mejor manera de decir: como parte de?
Equivalente en idioma inglés de La Real Academia Española
¿Hay diferentes palabras para el hermano de una esposa, y el esposo de una hermana?
¿Cuándo usar excusa o pretexto?
¿Si hay muchas personas que se llaman Jesús juntas, cómo debo designarlas?
Soy yo el que vine... or soy yo el que vino...?
What is Spanish for John Doe in Puerto Rico?
Chinga - common slang? Origin?
¿Desuscripción? ¿Desuscribir?
¿La hora de salida es ...?
¿Cual es la diferencia entre un tiempo gramatical perfecto contra uno imperfecto?
Haber de y futuridad
¿Cuál es la diferencia entre igual (adverbio) e igualmente?
¿Cómo se pronuncia RAE?
De donde proviene la frase cuide sus efectos personales
Spanish words for couple, few, handful, several, etc
¿Cuál es el origen de la palabra 'antro'?
What is the ingredient royal?
¿Se recurre a la retórica y otros recursos lingüísticos embellecedores con más frecuencia en español que en inglés?
Help me pronounce single r
¿Existen palabras de uso común que contengan las cinco diferentes vocales?
¿Es correcto anidar paréntesis en una frase?
¿Cómo se llama la característica que tiene el español, y otros idiomas, por la que las vocales siempre se pronuncian de la misma manera?
¿Existe la palabra modularizar en español?
How do you say I got you! in spanish
'Se me van encoger' o 'se me van a encoger'
¿Se debe decir jefe o jefa al referirse a una persona de sexo femenino?
Traer and llevar - what is the reference point?
¿Cómo se dice Christmas caroling en español?
Tener un objeto consigo vs Llevar un objeto encima?
¿Por qué se usa el subjuntivo en esta frase?
How to defeat the barrier of trilling r
¿Cuál es el origen del frase media naranja?
Learn basic vocabulary
Forma correcta de escribir una pregunta de la que sospechas la respuesta
¿Es verdad que la palabra 'alrededor' tiene el origen árabe?
Significados de Fama
Noun and adjective word order and meaning of atomic power engineering sites in Spanish
Translating a text from the XV century to modern Spanish
Sensación de que sucede algo, ¿es dequeísmo?
¿Cuál es el origen del uso de la palabra codo como sinónimo de tacaño?
How to translate quiver? (mathematics)
How to write if this happened, I would have done this?
Comida: picante vs picor
How can I recognize the conjugation of a verb from its infinitive?
Do Spanish verbs have principal parts?
¿Qué significa abatizar (visto en Nicaragua)?
Can Spanish distinguish between lonely and alone?
Spanish words for cake, pie, pastry, etc
Coming down or up (traveling from one place to another)
Spanish for snowflake and snowman in various regions?
Decoded Fashion ?
¿Cuál es la diferencia entre se me olvidó y olvidé?
Grammar of ¡A comer!
Find all forms of a verb, given one form of the verb
How to say later
¿Qué palabra se usa para describir a alguien que suda mucho?
Origen de la expresión tener más moral que el Alcoyano
Origen y uso de la frase Para más inri
Difference between volver and regresar
Is it acceptable to say Brasilero instead of Brasileño?
Names of wedding reception and ceremony in Mexico
¿Qué significa siempre sí y siempre no?
Early childhood Spanish language immersion accent exposure
Recurso literario para convertir Me explico en Mesplico
¿Cuándo utilizar primer y primero?
Appropriate expressions of jealousy
Myspell and different variants of Spanish
Definición de pistear
How to translate surface contamination
What is the abbreviation for World War II?
Translation of audio signalling
¿Hay una diferencia entre restaurante y restauran?
How can I translate/describe a rough idle to the mechanic?
¿Qué significa jalar en México?
Cómo decir college dropout?
How can you translate the word whatsoever to spanish?
Duda entre sino y si no
Why is voy used in voy perdiendo instead of estoy?
okupar and ocupar
What does parce mean?
¿Se escribe satisfactibilidad o satisfacibilidad?
¿Qué origen tiene la expresión ya te cargó el payaso?
How do you describe a pie pan in Spanish?
¿De dónde proviene la palabra 'meacamas'?
¿Cuál es el significado de órale y su origen?
Why is missing added to waiting in Spanish?
How does it form a conditional event which will happen in the future?
¿Hay alguna diferecia importante entre los dos subjuntivos?
Is there a Spanish equivalent for the French word voilà?
Me gustaría / quisiera / querría
¿Cómo se usa el antepretérito?
What does alma sucia mean?
How would you translate the word badass to Spanish?
What is the intended meaning of maría in this news article?
En esta oración compleja ¿cuáles son las oraciones subordinadas y qué función desempeñan?
¿Por qué la diferencia entre s y z/c solo se da en España?
Palabras sobreesdrújulas: ¿cuándo se escriben con tilde?
Alternatives to ya me voy
¿Cuándo quitaron los acentos de las palabras como fué?
Differences between razón de, razón por la que, and razón para
How to use A golpe de silbato?
Equivalent phrase for the modern english 'Moot Point'?
Objeto Indirecto
¿Cuáles son las distinciones más importantes del castellano amazónico del Perú?
Significado de presente en una carta. ¿Se escribe dos puntos después del destinatario?
How to translate News Junkie to Spanish?
Does Prima have a double-meaning (in Mexico)?
how to translate the software specific expression how to in Castellano?
Stir the pot, in American Spanish
Can I say contestar las preguntas instead of contestar a las preguntas?
Linguistic Use of Spanish Characters Keyboard Layout
Remind me to give it to you
When using object pronouns, should I say la van a ver a or la van a ver?
Etimología de la frase popular Hoy Canta Gardel
Meaning of andar de vago(a)
Colloquial translation of 'make it up' (to someone)
Proper way to express the time of a flight
¿Es válido decir eso pasó ahorita?
nuevos zapatos por/para España?
En esta oración ¿cuáles son las funciones sintácticas?
'Controlar' en lenguaje formal
¿Cuál es la palabra más generalmente aceptada para decir calzado deportivo?
Los valores de SE
When are 'me', 'te', 'os' and 'vos' used?
¿Me lo puedo probar? vs ¿Lo puedo probar?
Differences in usage between dejar and permitir?
On the fly / sobre la marcha
A lo de mi abuela / Donde mi abuela
¿Qué significa sacalepuntas en México?
Best Spanish translation for “Visit Google Maps for [address]”
¿Qué significa la expresión echar toda la carne al asador?
Why do you use al before a verb?
me/te/nos hace falta / passive form
El hijo del sol es yo or El hijo del sol soy yo?
¿Qué significa la abreviatura VoBo?
¿Cuál es la palabra correcta, membresía o membrecía?
Indicative and subjunctive after time constructions
Could General Pablo Morrillo have been misunderstood as saying Spain does not need wise people.?
El uso de comerse
Identifying masculine and feminine words
How is the second person singular formed with rioplatense vos?
Is Esas cestas son hechas de mano correct?
Why is there a se after the verb in llevarse los libros a casa?
¿Es posible omitir que en supongo que irás?
Ending a formal letter / Terminar una carta formal
To have been told
Participating in a Spanish proficiency test?
What is the history of the personal a?
Palabra correcta para describir la acción de solicitar
Paisaje de siempre
How is the placement of this prepositional phrase grammatical?
Difference between acaso and quizá
What is the meaning of palabra in this context?
How to translate if any?
a personal en Yo les presento a mi novio a mis padres?
¿Cual es el orden apropiado para un substantivo con adjetivo y/o participio + de?
What is the difference between congestión del tráfico and congestión de tráfico?
Word usage: difference between bailar and danzar
How does one say It's not nothing.
Is colegiala a type of flower?
¿Qué significa a poco?
El significado de nunca nadie
What's the meaning of carne mechada?
Can desprenderse be used to imply the English phrase to give off?
El Tigre - slang meaning?
¿Qué quiere decir engatillado?
How do you introduce yourself on the phone?
Word usage: estar inquieto y estar preocupado
Por qué la gente ríe cuando me presento como, Fénix, como el ave?
Meaning of me suena mejor
Difference between Spanish and Catalan
Does the exclamation mark denote anger when used with a command?
Definition of burris
How do you conjugate the first-person imperative?
¿Alguien me podría explicar qué rol tiene el ‘si’ en la conversación a continuación?
¿Cuándo se utiliza 'creía' en el mismo sentido como 'supongo'?
Capitalization of 'LL'
Watch TV Show with English or lower quality Spanish Subtitles
Como mejor utilizar se debe/se debería
Usage of pero vs sino
¿What is the proper translation for the linguistic term WORD FORMS into Spanish?
Preferred word for 'T-shirt'
When should we use articles before nouns and when are articles not required?
You are welcome in Spanish
Exception to the Phonetic Rule
Pronouncing a person's name according to our mood
Meaning of Eres touch?
Le estamos atendiendo
Sketchy in Spanish
How do you say carpet in Mexican Spanish?
Se te debería ir vs. Debería írsete
Significados de ay ay en México
Is capitalisation of 'Yo' not important?
¿Se puede utilizar 'molesto' en el sentido de enfermedad?
Pronunciation of Boca Juniors
Ir a versus future tense when asking a question
Alternative to the user-unfriendly Dictionary of RAE?
What is the gender of adjectives that describe implied nouns?
Rento departamento: does it mean Pago or cobro por vivir ahí ? or both?
Diccionario inverso en línea / Online reverse dictionary
How do you differenciate remember and remind?
¿Existe relación entre la palabra OJO y su apariencia?
¿Cuál es la definición de albur? Could you define albur?
How do you describe the directional parts of an object?
¿Cuál es el origen de los nombres de los números?
hover/survoler/sobrevolar? cuál sería la mejor traducción?
Agilizar el tema
What is the etymology of the word 'subir'? / ¿Cuál es la etimología de la palabra 'subir'?
¿Cuál es la etimología de torito?
What does tu lk mean?
Subject-Verb Agreement Estudiar y trabajar resulta...
Creerle vs Creerla
I have had a great night with you
Subject - Verb Agreement: Repitiendo..., y determinando, ilustra
Meaning of Me cae gordo
¿Qué significa regalar en Colombia?
Why does madre have so many different meanings?
¿Qué significa sollado?
Did Spanish have declensions? - ¿Alguna vez se declinó en español?
Significado de determinar en Colombia
Standalone Gerunds in Phrases
How to say To tend to
Marmot vs Groundhog
Difference between el comer and comer when used as noun
Difference between alentar and animar
¿Que significan esas palabras en el español de Colombia?
How do you say billing rate?
¿Cuál es el significado de la expresión mala copa?
Meaning of que ni que
Comparing two opposing things
How to translate have a crush on somebody?
What's the correct Spanish word to mean as in this context
¿Los auriculares o el auriculares?
Leading him/her on in Spanish?
How does Spanish handle plurals of numbers?
Double object construction
Past or future neutral time difference -- does my sentence make sense?
What does junta mean in the following sentence?
Is cantidad de oscuridad correct?
Using datos to refer to specific points
Para describir alguien que está muy confundido
Use of lo suficientemente + adjective
¿Se usa halar en vez de jalar en algún lugar?
Qué sigifica la frase 'Dicen que solo se está de más'?
Origen de mano para denotar primero
¿Darse de alta a xxxx o Darse de alta en xxxxx?
Are there any studies regarding the future viability of the inverted question mark (¿)?
Distinguishing between realistic and wishful expectations
What's the best way to inform a pedestrian or fellow cyclist that I'm about to pass them?
Does the word muestrear exist?
¿Es ñube una forma antigua de nube?
Uso de promedio como adjetivo
How to read a decimal number in Spanish?
¿Espero que hagas algo o espero hagas algo?
¿Qué significa es sorprendentemente genuino en esta oración?
Traduccion de nombres propios
Leísmo de cortesía and consistency
Origen de 'esquirol'
¿Cómo se dice dismissed, en el contexto de una formación de soldados?
Use of 'desdecirse'
Uso de en al frente
What does Puesto que... mean?
¿Se usa está o están con la mayoría de las personas?
What does hace que mean in this sentence?
Como se dice 'elevator pitch' en espanol?
What does encajan igual mean in the following context?
Use of ¿? in the Following Sentence
Magister Scientiarum en Ciencias
Placement of algunas veces in between pluperfect verbs
A mi lado o Al lado mío
To set apart / it sets you apart / to set yourself apart
Poetic translation for I'll be your Manolete, if you'll be my Lupe
Uso de preguntan en esta oración
Empanada, Emparedado, and their genders
Cuando alguien tenga, llegue, corra, etc... ¿que tiempo verbal es?
Insultos blandos pero coloridos
Que significa es posible bien sea
Añadiendo re antes los verbos
El uso de haciendo que
Incrementos numéricos
La diferencia entre He y Hay
tienen que tener como pleonasmo
Usage of sí vs sí mismo
El autor del cuento del 'vagabundo'
How do you translate the idiom sound off in Spanish?
In what region/country do they pronounce the 'r' at end of Spanish infinitive as 'sh'?
To express nothing much (versus not much) can I say nada mucho?
Extensión y origen del orto
Punctuation with sino
Venir vs. Venirse
Bauwagen en español: Como es la palabra para un tipo de remolque o trailer de vivienda temporal
Traducción de polity
Significado de chingaquedito
How to translate “about”?
¿Qué significa curtido a pie de calle?
Cerca vs. acerca vs. cercano
What its the article for Avestruz?
Fecho fermoso y otras f más
What are the origins of the demonym “pinolero”? / Orígenes del término «pinolero»
Significado de alta llanta en Argentina
Adjectives that modify more than one noun
llamar with names
Use of me in the phrase me llevo este
Why is the Pretérito perfecto simple also called Pretérito indefinido?
¿Cuál es el gentilicio de las personas de Alaska?
Spanish for “sink”
¿Cuál sería una equivalente de -just hear me out- en castellano?
Information or resources on the correct use of a/prepositions with infinitive verbs
How come chulada in Spain is almost an antonym from it's meaning in Guatemala and Mexico?
¿Debo utilizar «decirle» o «decirles»?
Spanish for Of course
Spanish for “belly”
para cuando vs cuando
How to congratulate to somebody's name day?
Phrase used for daily status meeting?
What's the meaning of dar in dar por supuesto?
Traducción de meta referido a los sitios meta de Stack Exachange network
Significado del prefijo para- en palabras compuestas
What is dative ético?
What is the Spanish word for cheek?
How to ask if a restaurant/store has something
Sci vs Si, is the Pronunciation Different?
¿Más bueno es incorrecto, correcto bajo ciertas circunstancias o totalmente correcto pero poco usado?
Spanish for “newspaper”
Uso invertido de palabras cariñosas e insultos
¿Qué es un variante correcto de frase Ya algunos días me (doler) la cabeza?
Can I remove the first que in un juego que hay que jugar?
Geographical distribution and use of Enhorabuena
C as K and S and silent (rules of thumb for pronunciation of C?)
How to say about as in about page
¿Cuáles son sinónimos de ni fu ni fa?
When to use a
How do you say ‘he turns out to be...’ in Spanish?
How do I say ‘I like to go out in such nice weather’ in Spanish?
How do you say ‘What's it like living in Mexico?’ in Castilian Spanish?
Origin of Te echo de menos.
How do I say 'On second thought' in Spanish?
How do I say ‘what happens if...’ in Spanish?
Why is Santiago the equivalent of James?
When to use 'a' and when to use 'para'?
Indio can mean Indian, Indigene, and Hindu also?
Diferencia entre por eso y por ello
How do I say 'I end up' in Spanish?
Usage of Ándale, vamos and anda
¿Qué haciendo? and ¿qué estás haciendo?
Equivalent for a nod's as good as a wink
¿Cuál es la concordancia de género apropiada?
Does a list of which books gutenberg has in both english and spanish exist?
¿Qué significa nariz de bola?
How to say I am not a spam bot for a captcha
How should The dangerous pelican film be translated?
What does it mean when a girl says te quiero in this context?
How come the subject is omitted in Spanish?
Ni en tus sueños
Usage of marcharse and irse
Are Boomeranging Telescopic Phrase Mazes impossible to translate?
¿De dónde viene la diferente ortografía para concejo y consejo?
¿Qué significa “dar el coñazo”?
Alternatives for '¡dame un respiro!'
Has Spanish really a timelike fashion to express distances? Like A está a cinco horas de B
Dictionary entry Vérselas y deseárselas
Difference and usage on teléfono and telefónica
How do I say ' Silly me' in Spanish?
The difference between empezar and comenzar
How do I say ' my cellphone is about to die' in Spanish?
La noche cae sobre la ciudad de Naga
Apertura y abertura. Su uso y etimología
Oración condicional con que y con si - hay una diferencia semántica?
Los dos usos de la palabra 'arrebatada'
Concordancia entre sujeto y verbo en una frase subordinada
The difference between simple and sencilla/o
Un doble-sentido en Radio Tertulia
¿Cuando se puede decir que un chisme es un chisme de lavadero?
¿Como que / si con subjuntivo o indicativo?
How do you say 'mind you' in Spanish?
¿Cuándo usar coste o costo?
Is it an insult to call someone 'cabrón'?
What does the word pinche mean?
Si quiero mantener un juicio neutro, ¿debo usar los que somos hábiles o los que son hábiles?
Nombre de los poemas cuyas palabras, en su totalidad, empiezan con la misma letra
¿Qué significan agora y aplico arenas en este soneto de Quevedo?
What do Chingón and Chinga mean?
Are there any seemingly opposites (e.g. negation) in Spanish which, in fact, mean something different?
¿Qué significa 'Víveme'?
How to hispanizise (rather unknown) German toponyms with umlaut?
Difference between muy and tan?
Is Weon used in Mexico and Chile and what does it mean?
'Le faltan tamaños'
In what era was que suave used?
How to Say Nice to see you again?
Translation of gesture driven in mobile app context
¿Como se contestan preguntas que llevan un no al inicio?
Neither official nor sweet salutation in letter
Are the phrases jarabe para la tos or antibióticos colloquially used to mean other types of medicine?
¿Como se traduciría el término edgy as fuck al español?
What is the correct verb for temporary/transient color?
¿Cuándo va a venir? and ¿Cuándo vendrá?
¿Cuál es el orígen de en lo que cabe o dentro de lo que cabe?
Latin Abbreviations in Spanish
¿Por qué vea y no veo? Subjuntivo - presente
¿Cómo darme cuenta si alguien me esta albureando?
Como se dice  what's the use en castellano?
Using embedded pronouns inside verbs
Existe un análogo de as of (yesterday) en español?
¿En qué países se coloca el pronombre personal justo después de la palabra qu- en preguntas?
Fine line between in Spanish?
¿Por qué se utiliza el subjuntivo en oraciones del tipo: antes de que finalizara?
Are leading periods really a part of written Spanish?
What vowels and consonants are used in the Spanish language?
¿Cómo se puede llamar al español hablado en América Latina?
Why do we use different words for Usted es un niño and Tú eres un niño?
Origen de Carmelita como color?
Aqui, aca regional differences
What is the difference between tuyo and suyo?
How do you use alguna que otra cosa in context?
Cuál sería la traducción de Nice, Great y Good Question?
¿Es una ofensa llamar a alguien ese?
What does 'examen de grado' mean?
Cómo se traduce apropiadamente Bump a thread?
How does Vino con vino translate to She came with wine?
¿De qué color es la camisa? - What is De for?
¿Es una grosería decir chíngalo?
iba a + infinitivo con valor de condicional
Equivalente de discoverability en español
Preterito imperfecto and condicional in reported speech
Basta o Basta con
¿Es una ofensa decir la palabra caray?
Más de lo normal / Más que lo normal
Usage of 'hubo'
How to handle the ambiguity of the verb presentar, when both objects (DO and IO) are present?
Passive voice - have been studied?
Quieres vs Quieras
Si británico se refiere a lo natural del Reino Unido, ¿cuál es el gentilicio para lo estrictamente de Gran Bretaña?
¿Cómo se forma el plural de números escritos con dígitos?
¿Es una ofensa decir Chale?
¿Se dice ellos tocan flautas o ellos tocan flauta?
Analogous-sounding spanish words from english to avoid using?
How do I use two objects?
What is Amaury?
Cual es el origen del uso de patilla en vez de sandia en venezuela?
¿Cual es el uso de bobo en ciertos países?
¿Cuál es el origen del modismo es equis para decir que algo no es malo ni bueno, sino más o menos?
Estar harto/quemado/agotado de algo - differences (if any)
¿Valdurán o baldurán?
¿Cómo se dice kid's meal en español?
¿Por qué cuando digo Él no va a ningún lado siento que está mal dicho?
Duda sobre escuálido en el pronunciamiento de un Ministro
Millones y Millonas
¿Para referirse a un jaguar cuál palabra es la correcta jaguar o yaguar?
voiceless vs voiced consonants / consonantes sordas vs sonoras
¿Cuántas formas verbales hay en el español?
¿Cuál es la regla para asignar el género a cantidades numéricas?
¿Cuál es el análisis gramatical de ¿Cómo me le va??
¿Cómo se escribe x y y ó x e y?, ¿“α o ω” ó “α u ω”?
Es Chamo usado en otros países aparte de Venezuela?
Name Suffixes Sr (Senior) and Jr (Junior) in Spanish
¿Cómo explico a un hablante no nato, si a cierto verbo le corresponde un objeto directo o uno indirecto?
How to pluralize sexy?
What's the difference between guardar and mantener?
¿Cómo se legalizan los superlativos irregulares?
How to translate speak one's piece?
What musical instrument is bateria?
¿Cuál es el verbo para party en español?
Le lee un diario a ella - Is the person who reads male or female?
¿Como se entiende go into real estate en español?
When is se used before a verb?
What is the difference between No puedo comer and No puedo como?
What is the difference between using de and que for the English word to?
What if I cannot hear a tiny difference between similar Spanish sounds?
Translating Most Games Played Accurately?
What is the difference between al and a la?
What does huele al lobo mean?
Alternativas menos negativas a desafortunadamente
What sort of Spanish are they speaking in this video?
Validez del término Inmessionante
What does si vienen palos mean?
How do you say muscle fever in Spanish?
Uso de heme aquí
Ella es nuestra madre - Why is nuestra feminine?
Castellano vs español - Which countries prefer which?
Punctuating quoted sentences
Simple preterit and imperfect preterit connotations of saber
Lo peor ya ha pasado - Why is Lo used?
Nos hace sentirnos o Nos hace sentir
Creating new spanish words by adding dimunitives
What does Le tengo mean in Le tengo miedo al fracaso?
Is there an expression for turn of phrase in Spanish?
¿Cómo traducir responsive al español?
Sé creativo! Why is estar not used for this imperative?
Ser vs estar in sentences about composition
Por vs para when discussing number of times
gustar: I like the cat vs The cat likes me
How do you say hot chocolate in spanish?
Turning a certain age in Spanish
Ser vs estar in this sentence
Two verbs in a single sentence
“Que viene” vs “próximo”
Article usage in Spanish
Subjunctive with asegurar
¿No existe nadie o no existe alguien?
“I was sick in Spanish
Pluralization of “todo”
Ambiguity with “por”
Por vs. para vs. a vs. de
Why does Se habla español translate to We speak Spanish?
Por and Para origins
Pasado perfecto de subjuntivo o indicativo
Why does Latin America not lisp consonants, having learned from Spain?
How acceptable is to use Cariño for non-relatives?
Saber in the sense of to taste: how should it be conjugated in first person?
Pretérito Perfecto vs. Pretérito Indefinido - which one is correct
When should one use para for the English word to?
Preterito v Imperfecto
Can I trust the Spanish Wikipedia?
Sustantivo de refrescar as in rafraichissement in French
División en sílabas de palabras con -tl- (atlas, atleta etc.)
Do all Spanish sentences start with a capital letter?
How do you say coming in Spanish?
Multiple verbs with different agents
¡Hay moros en la costa!
What does a la orden mean?
Is there a certain rule for s-aspiration
What does churir mean?
TANTO o más importante vs TAN o más importante
Is the resemblance between the words churir and churros more than coincidence?
el bar / la barra
What does sujetador de corbata mean?
Word order of questions
What is a good translation for the overview other than síntesis?
Why do we say Qué hora es instead of Qué hora está?
Enumeración: Mil millón vs. Billón
Conjugation and tenses
Plátano and banana, geographical differences?
Posición de la palabra nunca en una frase
¿Qué significa superajustada?
Anybody Use Multiple Editions of Assimil in Parallel?
How do you say senior agent in spanish?
How do I write when scheduled for a future appointment?
Sustantivo elecciones y el verbo haber (¿conjugación singular o plural?)
¿Existe una regla para el uso de mayúsculas en títulos?
¿Qué se te ofrece?
Why is the plural third person preterite indicative used here?
What is the implied noun in empanada?
What is the difference in meaning between: se celebra & celebra?
Spanish for to no end
¿Dense o Dénse?
Cual es la diferencia entre como y ya que
Spanish version of the tables have turned.
Not sure about this translation
Why doesn't verde become verda when paired with a feminine noun?
Correct usage : Papas versus Patatas
How to translate background into Spanish?
Is gata vulgar? What about gatita?
What is Login in Spanish?
All is Well - Todo esta bien
Use of subjunctive in show battery state when... battery is present
Translation of ahora
Salient features of the Norteño dialect of Mexican Spanish
Ser and Estar differences in passive voice?
Día de Muertos or El Día de los Muertos?
Dormitorio vs recámara vs alcoba vs habitación
Spanish for burn: quemar vs prender
Usage of ora vs ahora
Translating loudly in Spanish
Could this sentence be heard two different ways?
How to use ambos and los dos
Translating a legit double negative
Conjugation of verb in sentence adverbial clause and subjunctive
Por y Para for Recipients
Pretérito perfecto + subjuntivo presente
Inglés vs Británico
Pronunciation of ll in Mexico
Translation of can
Spanish for link
Why does Spanish use the preposition a for culinary styles?
How to deal with personal direct object and indirect object?
Total vs. Totales
Mexican Equivalent of DELE
Does denied reported speech take the subjunctive?
adquirir: Is there another stem-changing verb group? i -> ie
Over the last x years in Spanish
No matter what in Spanish
What does “chupa de boda” mean?
How to refer to an Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary in speech?/¿Cómo referirme a una Embajadora Plenipotenciaria al hablarle?
What the hell in Spanish
¿Es el español de Perú y/o Ecuador realmente más cercano al europeo?
Palabras del animal: puerco, cochi, cerdo
It was too late in Spanish
What does descunchifle mean?
Does parientes ever mean parents, or is it always relatives?
Has fud made it into mainstream Spanish as a word for food?
What is the difference between frijoles and habichuelas?
What are ways to say blue in Spanish?
Hable con ella
Is the Spanish word for film really the same word as for movie?
Is Pie an unknown dessert in Mexico/Spanish-speaking countries?
Can adjectives be placed before nouns in Spanish?
¿Cómo se dice más o menos en inglés?
Significado de cita telúrica
la frase francesa or la frase en francés?
What is the difference between Spanish and Ladino?
Is this translation saying the guy died?
¿Por qué es lo vi pero le dije?
Arriba, Abajo al Centro pa Dentro
Is the low number estimate-to-high number estimate colloquialism/phraseology unknown in Spanish?
Can sino compare subjects?
How to ask for a repair shop to fix a car tire?
Why did the translator replace an actual name with a placeholder?
How to say Thanks for confirming
Exactly what type of a word is véase?
Taqueria La Michoacana -- what's the significance?
Many meanings of llamas
Where did using un servidor to address yourself come from? / De donde se origina la costumbre de llamerse a sí mismo un servidor?
Why is a wrench called an English Key (llave inglesa)?
Are there no gophers in Spain?
A butterfly of the light is a lamp bug?
diferente vs. otro/otra
El chiste implicito en Pareces fria, sujeta
Meaning of en + infinitive in en explorar
Was referring to Jesus in this way considered blasphemy?
Vegetables in Spanish
echado vs echando
De donde se origina la expresion echar aguas?
How should I pronounce the Spanish consonant 'd'?
Why SADAIC and not SADAYC?
Is número masculine or feminine?
¿Cuándo se usa libertar, y cuando liberar? ¿Qué diferencias hay entre las dos palabras?
Why would water not be translated?
usage of su (the pronoun)
Se ma ha pasado de volada - ¿Mal dicho?
Having something to myself?
Origin of gender-neutral nouns such as la/el artista, la/el testigo, la/el poeta
Should I eat my apple? Usage of the preposition en
Why do Spanish words have gender?
When does one replace le/les with the pronoun se?
Bad words in good phrases - how socially acceptable are they
How is se used in the context of passive voice?
Why is the sound of the alphabet j different in Spanish, English, German and French?
How should I pronounce Spanish single 'r' and 'l'?
Which Spanish words are most commonly used to describe smells?
What words are typically used to refer to vehicles and deliniate between types of vehicles in Latin America
What is the correct way to refer to students in high school and lower?
What does 'socieza' mean?
Metaetiqueta, Meta etiqueta o meta-etiqueta?
Download Spanish–English translations (esp. conjugations) as Open Data
Difference between -iera and -iese ending of the imperfect subjunctive
Does No tengo sueño really have these two quite different meanings?
Why are both translations considered correct?
¿Te moriste o moriste?
When the Moors conquered Spain did Spaniards already speak Spanish?
The word ending -ita/-ito and its usage
What's the position of the tongue when speaking 'l' at the end of a word?
What's the position of my tongue when I speak Spanish 'd'?
Imperative with gustar
definite article - and the use of al
Use of em dash in Spanish
Why is this singular event spoken/written as if it were plural in Spanish?
Can caer mean fall as in fall for someone (emotionally) like in English?
How would the word landing be translated?
Proper translation of Epicaricacy?
Question about article
Can mi be used as a regular pronoun?
Meaning of 'Elícito'
What do you call this play on words?
¿Cómo decir bootstrap en castellano?
¿Por qué dicen me vi la película?
Translate Rating as in a rating on a site like on yelp or amazon
¿Cómo se dice en español «back-channel responses» del inglés?
I'd like to find a time to meet en Español
Correction of Translations from English to Spanish
¿Por qué se usa la forma tú en publicidades en vez de usted?
Spanish translation of the idiom Reaching out to you
Sloppiness by a native Spanish speaker?
Using El, La, Los and Las when it seems that they should not be used
When and why is a determiner necessary for a subject?
What's the most appropriate way to stop someone on the street and ask if they speak English?
Decir mucho o muy poco de algo
Bien vs buen/bueno/buena to describe something good
Plural form of letters
Best ways to say on short notice?
How to say I thought you'd want to know about this