What is the best statistical method to compare case fatality rates of 17 years for 2 different states?
Convex Hull in R
Covariates in regression models
Computing percentile rank in R
Persistence in time series
How to optimize the k parameters in dynamic linear regression?
How to create a density plot for data from multiple years with each year represented by a different colour?
Problem using auto.arima() in R
Interpretation lin-log regression where the covariate is log(x1 + 1) transformed
Fitting an exponential model to data
How to allocate sample size to gain most power on a two stage analysis?
Explanatory power of a variable
Determining trends in text
Why is the first postulate of the Poisson process that $\lambda dt$ is the probability of exactly one event in $[t,t+dt]$?
What is the difference between scores in Princomp vs. factanal?
Analyzing multiple choice survey questions
Constructs and multiple regression
What is the word to mean the actual data points, not the trends that it creates?
How do you handle the situation where the residual variance is very high compared to the other variance parameter estimates?
How to test whether the majority of vertices belong to one giant component?
Mediation model with linear regression
Finding a narrower confidence interval for a given CI, sample mean and size
Randomized trace technique
How to generate a pair of ellipses shaped as Saturn in $\mathbb{R}^p$
Exponential upper bound for $\sum_{k=1}^{N-1} \alpha^k \beta^{\frac{1}{N-k}}$
If I count cells should I consider them as Poisson distributed?
How can I remove the z-order bias of a coloured scatter plot?
How to model bounded target variable?
Fitting a generalized least squares model with correlated data; use ML or REML?
Does anyone know nice ways of plotting confidence intervals for use in presentations?
Statistics for multi-test replicated correlation analysis
Are misses in my data distributed completely at random?
How to calculate the confidence interval of the mean of means?
Interpretation of intercept term in poisson model with offset and covariates
Confidence Interval / Best-fit / Prediction Interval?
Decision tree for censored data
An inconsistency between the concept of subindependence and the chi-square test for independence?
How many samples is enough?
Machine learning for activity streams
Most useful Stata ado-files?
Is it possible to create parallel sets plot using R? 
Friedman vs Kruskal-Wallis test
Fitting child molecule concentration in parent molecule exponential decay
Basic question regarding probability
ARMA model coefficient standard errors
Organizing a classification tree (in rpart) into a set of rules?
Multivariate mutual independence test
What should I check for normality: raw data or residuals?
Propagation of polynomial coefficient errors in fit
Why is the y-axis in this R plot showing invalid percentage values?
Curve fitting and max slope calculation
Why is the tick marker for zero after the bar in this qplot bar chart? 
Measures of predictive power of attributes in data mining
Is Freeman — Tukey's transformation the most powerful for percentages?
Classification score: SVM
Testing the significance of differences between ratios with small samples
Least square estimation error, calculus question
Reference for age-period-cohort models
Can you recommend an online survey platform for 5k+ participants?
Density estimation with a truncated distribution?
How to compare two groups on a set of dichotomous variables?
Inner correlation of occurrences (burstiness?) in R
How to add two random variable's pdf?
How to draw a complete statistic from an incomplete statistical model?
Best analysis method for three interrelated longitudinal series
What is a null conjunction analysis in an fMRI study?
Normalizing constant in Bayes theorem
If a statistics doesn't reveal a significance do I have to calculate power for it?
How to compute goodness of fit after applying logarithmic transformation?
Dissecting three-way interactions
What does orthogonal mean in the context of statistics?
Estimating the distribution of a very large population of known size and unknown variance
How to detect a number of binomial distributions from a set of data?
Conditional inference trees vs traditional decision trees
microRNA analysis statistical methodology review
Looking for a name for a mean-influencing statistic
Is there an equivalent to Kruskal Wallis one-way test for a two-way model?
Multivariate orthogonal polynomial regression?
Acceptance rates for Metropolis-Hastings with uniform candidate distribution
Is my data fit extreme value distribution or normal distribution?
Multiple dependant variables in logistic regression
Measuring predictive accuracy for multiple dependent variables
Testing significance of peaks in spectral density
How to know whether the six spatial features values (in 3-time period) significantly differ from each other?
Time taken to hit a pattern of heads and tails in a series of coin-tosses
Linear regression terminology question -- Beta (β)
Estimating the distribution of a very large population of known size and unknown variance
Refining a linear regression model for condominium prices
Expected Value and Variance of Estimation of Slope Parameter $\beta_1$ in Simple Linear Regression
Are decision trees almost always binary trees?
Canonical correlation analysis on a MICE data set
Random number generation
Comparing points in a bivariate space
Can a 2-2-1 feedforward neural network with sigmoid activation functions represent a solution to XOR?
Normalizing variables for SVD / PCA
Finite population correction for calculating margin of error
Percentage of overlapping regions of two normal distributions
What is the best way to reduce false negative percent in the model?
How to tune smoothing in mgcv GAM model
Methods to check if my data fits a distribution function?
Robust regression or ANOVA for non-normal dependent variable
Calculating the parameters of a Beta distribution using the mean and variance
How to test goodness of fit between two dataframes in R?
How to calculate the number of trials for a 'meaningful' result
Determining true mean from noisy observations
Expectation of the variance of the sampling set without replacement
Proper variable selection method for glm
Testing normality
What if residuals are normally distributed, but y is not?
Good literature about cross validation
How to test if my data is discrete or continuous?
Infinite p-value when checking normality of distribution
Fast computation/estimation of a low-rank linear system
Forecasting stock prices time series based on independent factors using ARIMA model
Can I test the validity of a prior given data?
Is there an anderson-darling goodness of fit test for two datasets?
What is a 'message passing method'?
Boosting ranked lists
Can individual odds ratios be added to get one pooled odds ratio to compare to a reference group?
Using geometric mean / geometric standard deviation in statistical process control chart
When controlling a binomial proportion, how to deal with proportions with low confidence?
Is this a repeated measures experiment?
Online bachelor's degree in Statistics
How to perform a spectral density analysis in R using the multitaper package?
Empirical AUC in validation set when no TRUE zeroes
Should we normalize the dataset before fitting the Gumbel distribution?
What are average partial effects?
Imputing missing values in time series using SAS
What are the proper descriptives to look at for my mixed-models?
Is the mean squared error used to assess relative superiority of one estimator over another?
Bounding mutual information given bounds on pointwise mutual information
How to intuitively understand formula for estimate of pooled variance when testing  differences between group  means?
Does the average increase of a re-roll increase with the size of the dice?
Number of parameters in Markov model
ANOVA with some paired and some unpaired subjects
How do I determine which set of measurements is better?
What do the first k factors from factor analysis maximize?
Significance and credibility intervals for interaction term in logistic regression
Reproducing table 18.1 from Elements of Statistical Learning
What is sequential change point detection?
Bayesian analysis of data
Q&A Sites for machine learning and NLP
How to correctly use the GPML Matlab code for an actual (non-demo) problem?
Error using rfe in caret package in R
What is the difference between hazard and crude ratio?
Good book about theoretical approach to statistics
Machine learning cookbook / reference card / cheatsheet?
Calculating principal component scores after PC analysis
What does the gene set score tell in GSA analysis?
How to compare two datasets with Q-Q plot using ggplot2?
Why is R plotting standardized residuals against theoretical quantiles in a Q-Q plot?
How can I create a Graph of a Probability Density Function from Percentiles?
How to interpret F- and p-value in ANOVA?
Wavelet analysis of EEG
What exactly does it mean to 'pool data'?
Computing Gaussian mixture model probabilities
Is it valid to select a model based upon AUC?
How do you generate ROC curves for leave-one-out cross validation?
Assessing and testing inter-rater agreement with kappa statistic on a set of binary and Likert items?
Genetic algorithm for parameter estimation
Specification of a random slopes model with two grouping factors
Generative vs. discriminative
Creating a certainty score from the votes in random forests?
How to deal with non-normality in MANOVA?
How to calculate forecast error (confidence intervals) for ongoing periods?
How to obtain the variance of my dependent variable in a linear regression with R?
Probability of hitting tails
How to calculate if the between-subject variability is significant given repeated measurements?
Is there an R package for a multinomial repeated measures logistic regression with 3 levels of the dependent variable?
Multiple imputation using SPSS
What test do I use in order to analyze a within participants repeated measure experiment?
Variability of a curve with 4 parameters
How to specify the null hypothesis in hypothesis testing
R code for two sample t-test in case of equal variances
Examples of text mining with R (tm package)
Segmented nonlinear regression in R?
Interpreting average linkage clustering results in SPSS
In what ways do data mining and machine learning competitions aid/detract from these academic fields and their commercial applications?
Constrained linear regression through a specified point
Perform simple regression without raw data
Calculating the probability that demographic trends happened by chance
Lognormal distribution using binned or grouped data
When does a logistic regression model have a unique solution?
What is the variance of the sum of components of a multivariate normal distribution?
k-means implementation with custom distance matrix in input
Outlier detection for generic time series
Importance metric for discrete variable value
Sample size to achieve given confidence level
Sample size for actual vs backtested performance
Choosing the number of latin hypercube samples
Expected value of the natural log of a ratio of variances
What are the mean and variance for the Gamma distribution?
Supervised learning approaches which can accommodate a supervisory signal composed of multiple dependent continuous variables?
Comparing backtesting returns with real trading returns
MCMC when the density involves integration over a simplex
Reading recommendation on using statistical analysis in online fraud prevention
Is there a way to maximize/minimize a custom function in R?
Best imputation method for stochastic noisy data?
Difference between Hausdorff and earth mover (EMD) distance
Software package to solve L-infinity norm linear regression
What order preserving transformation makes data more evenly spread, decreasing the peak, and fattening the tails of the distribution?
How to make glmnet give the same results as glm?
Comparing correlation coefficients
Equivalence between least squares and MLE in Gaussian model
Whats on the causal path?
Examples of when confidence interval and credible interval coincide
Kernel PCA vs. k-means
Calculating the transfer entropy in R
Hierarchical modeling in R
What is the name for a typical range of values?
Finding average settling value after step response
What data should be given for the result of a design of experiments with response surface?
Appropriate error bars for repeated-measurements designs
Fitting a special mixed model in R - alternatives to optim()
Comparing relative frequencies between two groups
Shewhart's method for working out sigma of a sample of lead times
Mean when computing correlation between samples of unequal size
What are some applications of Chinese restaurant processes?
Why does bootstrapping the residuals from a mixed effects model yield anti-conservative confidence intervals?
Measures of variable importance in random forests
What if I know for sure that my target variable is not normally but Beta distributed?
How to get a weighted-estimate for mean difference?
How to model the sum of Bernoulli random variables for dependent data?
Software to plot a log graph
Multiple simulations of a system under different conditions - paired data?
Predicting cluster of a new object with kmeans in R
Is there a test of monotony, convexity or concavity?
Efficient parametrization of the covariance matrix with some covariances constrained to zero
Addressing model uncertainty
Understanding variance estimators
Can I have an example of pairwise comparisons of data against a within-subject factor?
How to sample uniformly from an intersection of simplices?
Assuming two Gaussian distributions of equal mean and variance, then how different can we expect the top X members of each group to be?
Box-Jenkins model selection
Calculating event probabilities in mixed, discrete/continuous distributions
Unit testing sampling methods
Test in R of whether three or more correlations from independent samples are equal
Comparison of positive predictive value between two models
Data APIs/feeds available as packages in R
Formula for weighted simple linear regression
How to combine 2 different observations to improve state estimates?
probability question
Software for making semi variograms and analyses?
How to combine three different scores
Deep learning vs. Decision trees and boosting methods
How to to calculate the topic distribution of a document
What are the measure for accuracy of multilabel data?
What distribution function might describe the following statistical experiments?
How to deal with negative coefficients in logistic regression
Multilevel regression using lmer function in R and Stata
Comparing fatality rates
How to handle gaps in a time series when doing GAMM?
General questions about a mixed repeated measures model
Should quantitative predictors be transformed  to be normally distributed?
Multicategory choice model with given categories
DerivativeCheck fails with minFunc
Detect multi-punch responses in SPSS syntax?
Calculating 2D Confidence Regions from MCMC Samples
calculate the rate of change
A/B testing in Python or R
Sampling random numbers from a distribution with asymmetric confidence intervals generated by a bootstrapped estimate
Looking for help identifing outliers in a pilot study to guide future hypothesis testing
Inferences about non-overlapping lines
Forcing variable selection to keep certain predictor in R
Matching loss function for tanh units in a neural net
How to make R's gamm work faster? 
Best practices for density estimation of discrete & continuous random variables
Measure of spread of a multivariate normal distribution
Robust multivariate Gaussian fit in R
Paired, repeated-measures ANOVA or a mixed model?
Three-level hierarchical regression using lmer
How to test the predictive power of a model?
Fitting distributions, goodness of fit, p-value. Is it possible to do this with Scipy (Python)?
How to create one synthetic variable from 5 measured variables
Tukey's Hinges: Grouping Data
How do hidden units in a Boltzmann Machine enforce this parity constraint?
Matching training and testing datasets
How do I determine how well a dataset approximates a distribution?
Difference between loadings and correlations between observed variables and factor saved scores in factor analysis 
What's the appropriate spss test?
How to test the statistical significance of AUC?
How to test whether a regression coefficient is moderated by a grouping variable?
Is it appropriate to use the term bits to discuss a log-base-2 likelihood ratio?
Feature selection and latent variables
Why do demographers give rates per 100,000 people?
Finding confidence intervals for the click-through-rate of a website
Problem with three-level hierarchical regression using lmer
How to draw a scree plot in python?
Guidelines for discovering new knowledge in data
Statistically comparing classifiers using only confusion matrix (or average accuracies)
Why do we use quasi-ML methods when estimating a quasi-Poisson regression?
Estimating standard deviation in Poisson regression
Classifying clusters using discriminant analysis
Meta-analysis with zero values for mean and sd
Covariance and independence?
Generating random samples from a custom distribution
Calculate how big a variable is in relation to others
When do we combine dimensionality reduction with clustering?
Maximum number of independent variables that can be entered into a multiple regression equation
Generate random correlated data between a  binary and a continuous variable
How to predict significant dominant regions of two sequence of numeric values by Hidden Markov Model?
Ultimate compression algorithm
Plotting a discriminant as line on scatterplot
How to compare results from two groups?
Multiple imputation on single subscale item or subscale scores?
Interpretation of MDS factor plot
Multiple imputation for missing count data in a time series from a panel study
Importance sampling in mixed, discrete/continuous variables
Are there methods to cluster based on pair wise dissimilarity measures?
Is it allowed to include time as a predictor in mixed models?
How to begin reading about data mining?
What kind of results are there about prior knowledge?
Exponentially decaying variable
How do you call this dynamic sample-size selection strategy?
How to predict how much data to collect?
When is R squared negative?
Comparison of time series sets
Template matching involving scale-, rotation- and shape-invariant transformation
Off the shelf tool for multi-label classification
Physical/pictoral interpretation of higher-order moments
Test for differences in distribution without raw data
Visualizing a 5x5x5 data set
How to calculate skewness of data from histogram in R?
Will the silhouette formula change depending on the distance metric?
Checking what attributes of a population made objects more likely to do certain action
Calculating covariance for a non-strictly-stationary white noise process
Estimating PDF of continuous distribution from (few) data points
Effects of step size in gradient descent optimisation
Why the statistical model of sampling with replacement is incomplete?
Object not found error in gls
How is Google+ population estimated?
Election forensics using statistical methods in practice?
Standardized residuals vs. regular residuals
Predicting raffle winners
Greek Gamma in a moment generating function
Generating values from a multivariate Gaussian distribution
How to find out if a set of daily measurements  are random or not?
Time series data distribution forecast?
Error message when estimating group level interactions lmer
Online outlier detection
Introductory materials in statistical analysis and data visualisation
What is a vector autoregressive model?
Are there cases where there is no optimal k in k-means?
Machine learning techniques for time series estimation - forecasting price
Significant variable with no effect in logistic regression
WLS estimator and bootstrapping in sem package
Subset data by month in R
What are some examples of real world problems that can be modeled using vector autoregressive models?
What exactly is the name of the type of regression analysis where you try to see if the model is significant over *multiple* start/end values?
How to setup and interpret ANOVA contrasts with the car package in R?
How to get equivalent ANOVA in R for a model with and without a random effect?
Significance test of whether participants have more friends of the same sex
Random effect nested under fixed effect model in R
The upper bound of the training error of AdaBoost
Propagation of error using 2nd-order Taylor series
Is it valid to assign observations partially to both test and train in n-fold cross validation?
AdaBoost on a continuum of base classifiers
Modeling a 1D random walk with nonconstant probabilities
Effect size for rectangular frequency table
When was the autocorrelation function invented? And what was the motivation for it?
How to combine the results of several binary tests?
When was the cross-correlation function invented? And what was the motivation behind it?
Is there an R optimization package that can handle integer constraints and non-linear objective functions?
Video lectures about data mining?
How to decide whether difference between two conditions is significant?
Formulate hypotheses when $\mu_A < \mu_B$ is different from $\mu_A > \mu_B$
Explanation of the Kolmogorov-Smirnov Test with applications in Java
Where can I find accessible reference to vector autoregression?
What to do when the intersection of some time series doesn't contain enough data point?
Multivariate normality test from R's energy
Help with R Zeroinfl model
Can a negative binomial distribution be used to model a continuous distribution?
Generalized linear models dispersion analysis
Problem on parametric learning when datasets are small
Looking for pattern of events in a time series
Singular gradient error in nls with correct starting values
Determining an optimal discretization of data from a continuous distribution
Building a linear model for a ratio vs. percentage?
How do I do temporal correlations of matrices?
Assessing if set of sequences increase or decrease
Where to obtain sales data for individual transactions?
Problem converting from factor to numeric variable in R
Book for getting a broad, conceptual overview of statistical methods
Approximate vs. Strict Factor model specification in R
What is the correct posterior when data are sufficient statistics?
How to know if a list of prices are mean-reverting?
Shannon entropy for non-stationary and non-linear signal
Is there a boxplot variant for Poisson distributed data?
Explanation for the thresholds in the sequential probability ratio test
R planned comparisons in Zelig negative binomial regression
Types of inverse transformations
Offset needed in regression when response is continuous?
How to analyse this simulation
X-mean algorithm BIC calculation question
Plotting top 5 most frequent factors using R
What is the correct way to test for significant differences between coefficients?
Conditions for the M-estimator to converge to the true mean
How to sort a character vector numerically based on a trailing digit in R?
Stein's loss for multivariate normal covariance estimator
Understanding intercept in simple linear regression and why one variable is a predictor and the other is an outcome variable
R function to use for multiple imputation and determining if data is MAR or MCAR
Correcting for multiple comparisons in a within subjects / repeated measures ANOVA; excessively conservative?
Tossing coin until heads
Building business intelligence tool -- where to start?
What's the difference between binomial regression and logistic regression?
Listing of typical correlations across spectrum of topics and disciplines to assist with teaching meaning of correlation coefficient
Good online resource with tips on graphing association between two numeric variables under various conditions
How do you use draws from a Markov chain (Monte Carlo) for (bayesian) inference?
How princomp() works?
How to predict shares?
How to choose a span parameter with LOESS?
Analyzing treatment effect with possibly flawed control data
Convergence in distribution from ratio of the two densities
R's lmer cheat-sheet
Defining quantiles over a weighted sample
Similarity matrix and multiple-regression
What are the distributions of these random variables?
Logistic regression for time series
Looking up and inserting values from a table
How to denoise a Poissonous time series
Looking at residuals vs. residual percentages
Detecting parts of a song
Clustering probability distributions - methods & metrics?
Generating data with a pre-specified odds ratio
Support vector machines and regression
How to run use `lmer` in R to assess effect of condition, task order, and type of rating?
Differences between MANOVA and Repeated Measures ANOVA?
Conversion rates over time
Bounds on entries of Cholesky factors?
Incorporating seasonality into CART models
How to determine the health of a population, considering its size
How often is data corrupted given how often a 3-way vote passes incorrect data?
What is the maximum for Pearson's chi square statistic?
Difference between temporal trends
Model the proportion of a subset of total counts to determine the difference
Another 3 level hierarchical regression
Finding correlations from multiple irregular time series
What is the distribution of the Binomial distribution parameter $p$ given a sample k and n?
Sampling from a marginal when full density is given
Multiple time-series -- measuring medication weight gain
Assessing effect of intervention where aptitude tests used in pretest and posttest have some overlapping and some distinct items
How to design a study and test the effect of dosage level on cure probability?
QQ plot with one dataset
SOM clustering for nominal/circular variables
The order of variables in ANOVA matter, don't they?
What is the expected value of the sample variance under a linear regression with omitted variables of an AR(2) process?
Which is a good tool to compute parameters for a beta-distribution?
Density of multivariate normal given linear condition
Using Cleveland dot plots to visualize time-series data
What is the distribution of maximum of a pair of iid draws, where the minimum is an order statistic of other minima?
References about the theory of linear regression or regression in general
GRS statistic in R to test that intercepts from multivariate panel regression are jointly zero?
The exact distribution of Wilcoxon rank-sum statistic U
Countering false positives in GWAS due to linkage disequilibrium
Simple linear regression output interpretation
How to sum two variables that are on different scales?
2D analog of standard deviation?
Bayesian probability > 1 -- is it possible?
SOM automated/objective clustering
How to compute co-occurrence probability assuming independence from unigram probabilities?
Difference between experimental data and observational data?
Is there a generic term for measures of correctness like precision and recall?
How can I compute a posterior density estimate from a prior and likelihood?
How to turn a function into a probability density whilst maintaining the shape of the function?
Is $R^2$ useful or dangerous?
Effect size calculations in mixed ANOVA design for power analysis
Weighted average semi-parametric regression in R
Meaning of the existence proof
Bayesian estimation of a mean with tighter constraints than the observations
What's a good introduction to simulated method of moments and the extended path technique?
How to show that $E\left[ y E(y|x) \right] = E\left[ E(y|x)E(y|x) \right]$ - linearity of conditional expectations?
Can I use Kolmogorov-Smirnov to compare two empirical distributions?
How do I visualize changes in proportions compared to another period?
Calculate prediction interval for ridge regression?
Estimating linear regression with OLS vs. ML
Marginal effects of a logistic model, and their standard errors
Feature selection for low probability event prediction
Are mediation analyses inherently causal?
What is the best way to discretize a 1D continuous random variable?
Distribution that describes the difference between negative binomial distributed variables?
Distributing values according to a given continuous probability distribution
Distinguishing two distributions
How do you deal with a multiple choice observation in Bayesian inference, when the choices are on a scale?
Interpreting coefficient in a linear regression model with categorical variables
Fitting piecewise linear curves with lmer
Suggestions for improving the fit of probability density
Off-diagonal range for guaranteed positive definiteness?
Does there exist a model fit statistic (like AIC or BIC) that can be used for absolute instead of just relative comparisons?
How to run and plot simulation in R of sum of 20 random variables?
Data simulation in R using covariance method
How to define a distribution such that draws from it correlate with a draw from another pre-specified distribution?
Analyzing (hierarchical?) clustered pair-matched binary data
Is there a R function to estimate the law of a sample?
Is there a way to continue a R/JAGS MCMC chain that did not converge?
Information gain, mutual information and related measures
How do I test whether an extrapolated mean for a regression model differs from an observed mean?
Best way to compare software usage data over time across independent conditions?
Calculating the 95th percentile: Comparing normal distribution, R Quantile, and Excel approaches
Determining a variable's contribution to the variation in another
Maximizing/minimizing product of output and response
Clustering with asymmetrical distance measures
Do non-significant correlates of a DV, which is significant, suggest anything about the effect of that DV?
What are the primary differences between z-scores and t-scores, and are they both considered standard scores?
Getting started with dynamic neural networks
Fitting a line to a log-log plot
Is the maximum entropy distribution consistent with given marginal distributions the product distribution of the marginals?
Is there a pure R implementation for loess? (with no C code?)
Probability of total events occurring given that one or more events occur in specified number of months
Describing the difference between 2 types of variance
Repeated measures ANOVA in R and Bonferroni adjusted intervals
If $Z=X+Y$ ($X$ and $Y$ being random samples), what is the relationships between the respective order statistics?
Significance test for differences in baseline and remeasurement rates between two groups
How to find groupings (trajectories) among longitudinal data?
Recursive partitioning using rpart() method in R
Eliciting priors from experts
What is normality?
What are some valuable Statistical Analysis open source projects?
Assessing the significance of differences in distributions
The Two Cultures: statistics vs. machine learning?
Locating freely available data samples
Under what conditions should Likert scales be used as ordinal or interval data?
Multivariate Interpolation Approaches
How can I adapt ANOVA for binary data?
Forecasting demographic census
Bayesian and frequentist reasoning in plain English
Finding the PDF given the CDF
Tools for modeling financial time series
What is a standard deviation?
Testing random variate generation algorithms
What is the meaning of p values and t values in statistical tests?
R packages for seasonality analysis
Modelling a Poisson distribution with overdispersion
Examples for teaching: Correlation does not mean causation
Sample problems on logit modeling and Bayesian methods
Pseudo-random number generation algorithms
Explain data visualization
Clustering of large, heavy-tailed dataset
What is meant by a random variable?
Measuring the effectiveness of a pattern recognition software
PCA on correlation or covariance?
Why do US and UK Schools Teach Different methods of Calculating the Standard Deviation?
Can someone please explain the back-propagation algorithm?
A case of survivorship bias?
What R packages do you find most useful in your daily work?
Where can I find useful R tutorials with various implementations?
Robust nonparametric estimation of hazard/survival functions based on low count data
How Large a Difference Can Be Expected Between Standard GARCH and Asymmetric GARCH Volatility Forecasts?
What are good basic statistics to use for ordinal data?
What's the purpose of window function in spectral analysis?
What is your favorite data visualization blog?
Power of Holm's multiple comparison testing compared to others
What are some good frameworks for method selection?
What statistical blogs would you recommend?
Why square the difference instead of taking the absolute value in standard deviation?
Statistical classification of text
What is the best introductory Bayesian statistics textbook?
How does one interpret a Bland-Altman plot?
Clojure versus R: advantages and disadvantages for data analysis
Algorithms to compute the running median?
Resources for learning R
Free Dataset Resources?
PCA scores in multiple regression
Is there a standard method to deal with label switching problem in MCMC estimation of mixture models?
What is your favorite layman's explanation for a difficult statistical concept?
How to get to a t variable from linear regression
What methods can be used to determine the Order of Integration of a time series?
How would you explain Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) to a layperson?
How do you decide the sample size when polling a large population?
Choosing a bandwidth for kernel density estimators
Free statistical textbooks
Time series for count data, with counts < 20
How should outliers be dealt with in linear regression analysis?
How to choose the number of hidden layers and nodes in a feedforward neural network?
What tools could be used for applying clustering algorithms on MovieLens?
Cross tabulation of two categorical variables: recommended techniques
Data Mining-- How to Tell Whether the Pattern Extracted is Meaningful?
What do you think is the best goodness of fit test?
Open source tools for visualizing multi-dimensional data?
Group differences on a five point Likert item
Why do we make a big fuss about using Fisher scoring when we fit a GLM?
What is the difference between discrete data and continuous data?
What method to use to test Statistical Significance of ASR results
What is the best way to identify outliers in multivariate data?
Web visualization libraries
How is the minimum of a set of random variables distributed?
What are principal component scores?
Intro to statistics for an MD?
Recommended visualization libraries for standalone applications
Why is the average of the highest value from 100 draws from a normal distribution different from the 98th percentile of the normal distribution?
Using time series analysis to analyze/predict violent behavior
Variance components
How does boosting work?
What is the easiest way to create publication-quality plots under Linux?
What is the best out-of-the-box 2-class classifier for your application?
How do I calculate if the degree of overlap between two lists is significant?
What is the difference between a population and a sample?
Poisson regression with large data: is it wrong to change the unit of measurement?
How large should a sample be for a given estimation technique and parameters?
Spatial statistics models -- CAR vs SAR
How to deal with the effect of the order of observations in a non hierarchical cluster analysis?
What is a saturated model?
What is the difference/relationship between method of moments and GMM?
Estimating beta-binomial distribution
Resources for learning Stata
In linear regression, when is it appropriate to use the log of an independent variable instead of the actual values?
When conducting a t-test why would one prefer to assume (or test for) equal variances rather than always use a Welch approximation of the df?
What approach could be used for modelling virus infections?
How does gentle boosting differ from AdaBoost?
Good introduction into different kinds of entropy
Resources for learning about the Statistical Analysis of Financial Data
kNN and unbalanced classes
What is a good algorithm for estimating the median of a huge read-once data set?
Bias towards natural numbers in the case of least squares
The trinity of tests in maximum likelihood: what to do when faced with contradicting conclusions?
What is the difference between the Shapiro-Wilk test of normality and the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test of normality?
What is the single most influential book every statistician should read?
Working through a clustering problem
What are the key statistical concepts that relate to data mining?
The Monty Hall Problem - where does our intuition fail us?
What are pivot tables, and how can they be helpful in analyzing data?
Testing (and proving) the randomness of numbers
How to tell if something happened in a data set which monitors a value over time
What best practices should I follow when preparing plots?
How to approximate measurement uncertainty?
Motivation for Kolmogorov distance between distributions
Introduction to statistics for mathematicians
Why isn't RANSAC most widely used in statistics?
What book would you recommend for non-statistician scientists?
What is your favorite data analysis cartoon?
Always Report Robust (White) Standard Errors?
Good line color for threshold line in a time-series graph?
How does random forest generate the random forest
Is it valid to aggregate a time series to make it look more meaningful?
Mathematical Statistics Videos
Negative values for AICc (corrected Akaike Information Criterion)
Variable selection procedure for binary classification
Dubious use of signal processing principles to identify a trend
In PC SAS, how do you copy & paste from the output window?
When can you use data-based criteria to specify a regression model?
What is the best method for checking convergence in MCMC?
Unsupervised, supervised and semi-supervised learning
Is there a standard technique to debug MCMC programs?
Does the cross validation implementation influence its results?
What ways are there to show two analytical methods are equivalent?
Under what conditions does correlation imply causation?
Does it ever make sense to treat categorical data as continuous?
How can I use optimal scaling to scale an ordinal categorical variable?
Why is ANOVA taught / used as if it is a different research methodology compared to linear regression?
Comprehensive overview of loss functions?
When to use multiple models for prediction?
What is an instrumental variable?
What is difference-in-differences?
What graphical techniques are used in Structural Equation Modeling?
How to understand a convolutional deep belief network for audio classification?
Post-hocs for within subjects tests?
Is there any reason to prefer the AIC or BIC over the other?
Differences between Baum-Welch and Viterbi training
To what extent can we call a Geometric Distribution a Geometric Density
E-M, is there an intuitive explanation?
Heuristics for optimizing ν-SVM?
Why prediction of a predicted variable from a discriminant analysis is imperfect
How can one empirically demonstrate in R which cross-validation methods the AIC and BIC are equivalent to?
is psych::principal function still PCA when using rotation?
Open Source statistical textbooks?
What is the difference between a partial likelihood, profile likelihood and marginal likelihood?
Forecasting handbooks
Standard deviation of standard deviation
Incorporating boolean data into analysis
How to calculate the ratio of data used in analysis and saved data for validation from a sample set?
Where is a good place to find survey results?
How do you convey the beauty of the Central Limit Theorem to a non-statistician?
Best Way to Aggregate and Analyze Data
Best books for an introduction to statistical data analysis?
Automating statistical correlation between texts and data
What's the difference between probability and statistics?
What is Bayes' theorem all about?
How do I determine if a survival model with missing data is appropriate?
Data anonymization software
Dataset for multi class perceptron
How can I test whether my clustering of binary data is significant
Suggested R packages for frontier estimation or segmentation of hyperspectral images
Famous statistician quotes
Use of Bayesian Search Theory in geological interpretation
Linear Mixed Effects Models
What types of data analysis do not count as statistics?
Is it possible to use machine learning as a method for learning stats, rather than vice-versa?
Operations research versus statistical analysis?
Normal distribution and monotonic transformations
Why (or when) to use the log-mean?
Calculating optimal number of bins in a histogram for n, where n ranges from 30-350
How do I calculate the SE for PPV, NPV, and DOR?
When should normalization never be used?
What is the difference between functional data analysis and high dimensional data analysis
Any suggestions for making R code use multiple processors?
What is AIC? Looking for a formal but intuitive answer
Comparing the variance of paired observations
Regression output and Fisher-Snedecor distribution
Elasticities Using GLM
Fisher's Exact Test with weights?
ANOVA with non-independent observations
When should I use lasso vs ridge?
Training a Logistic Regression Model
Multiple hypothesis testing correction with Benjamini-Hochberg, p-values or q-values?
Correct formatting (capitalization, italicization, hyphenation) of p-value?
Time Series Econometrics: VECM with multiple cointegration vectors
Cross validation in very high dimension (to select the number of used variables in very high dimensional classification)
Series expansion of a density function
What are degrees of freedom?
What is the 'fundamental' idea of machine learning for estimating parameters?
Basic question regarding variance and stdev of a sample
Reference category and prediction
Online vs offline learning?
Modeling of real-time streaming data?
Separating two populations from the sample
Relationships between two variables
Test if probabilities are statistically different?
Determine if three is statistically different than ten for a very large number of observations (1,000,000)
Statistical podcasts
Measurement level of percentile scores
Yates' correction for continuity only for 2X2?
Application of wavelets to time-series-based anomaly detection algorithms
How can I get R to stop autocompleting my quotes/parens?
Column Means Significance Tests in R
When is logistic regression solved in closed form?
Nonhomogeneous Poisson and Heavy tail inter arrival time distribution
How to reduce number of items on a multi-item scale where each item requires ranking four response options
Statistical test for n x m contingency tables
What are analysts looking for when they plot a differenced, logged time series?
Free data set for very high dimensional classification
How many measurements are needed to 'baseline' a measurement?
How do I reduce the number of data points in a series?
Is Spearman's correlation coefficient usable to compare distributions?
Reliability in Elicitation Exercise
Is a variable significant in a linear regression model?
Where can I find good statistics quizzes?
Questions about KL divergence?
What is the interpretation/meaning of confidence intervals in misspecified models?
Is there a radical difference in how bayesian and frequentist approaches treat nuisance parameters?
Is Kolmogorov-Smirnov test valid with discrete distributions?
What is the major difference between correlation and mutual information?
References for Survival Analysis
R command for stcox in Stata
Why does AIC formula in R appear to use one extra parameter than expected?
Orthogonal parametrization
Why are mean 0 and standard deviation 1 distributions always used?
Approximating density function for a non-normal distribution
Help me understand nMDS algorithm
How to define the significance threshold for mutual information in terms of probability of that value occurring in surrogate set?
Equation to calculate a smooth line given an irregular time series?
Density function for a multivariate Bernoulli-like distribution
How to handle count data (categorical data), when it has been converted to a rate?
How to represent an unbounded variable as number between 0 and 1
Modeling success rate with gaussian distribution
Reasons besides prediction to build models?
Regression-multiple observations per subject
Multiple Chi-Squared Tests
Simple algorithm for online outlier detection of a generic time series
Is there an intuitive explanation why multicollinearity is a problem in linear regression?
What code would you put before/after your R session?
Why haven't robust (and resistant) statistics replaced classical techniques?
CI for a difference based on independent CIs
Alternative graphics to handle bar plots
How can I test if given samples are taken from a Poisson distribution?
Introduction to index decomposition analysis
Practical thoughts on explanatory vs. predictive modeling
How can I apply a Pareto tail to a truncated distribution?
Ranking distributional data by similarity
Two-sample T-test with weighted data
Period detection of a generic time series
Analysis of sells (what to buy)
Robust outlier detection in financial timeseries
Heterogeneity with two studies
How to interpret a control chart containing a majority of zero values?
What do ROC curves tell you that traditional inference wouldn't?
Non-trivial bound for $E[\exp(Z^2)]$ when $Z \sim {\rm Bin}(n, n^{-\beta})$ with $\beta \in (0,1)$
Statistical models cheat sheet
How to limit my input data for Jaccard item-item similarity calculation?
How can one speed up this correlation calculation in R without multicore?
What is the correct likelihood function for an sequential, adaptive data generation process?
Fitting a fixed, exponential relationship between categories with categorical data
A non-parametric repeated-measures multi-way Anova in R?
SVD dimensionality reduction for time series of different length
Exponential moving averages of a time series with varying sampling
Best way to show these or similar count data are not independent?
Is calculating Incidence Rate Difference/Ratio appropriate for single case experimental design?
How can I obtain some of all possible combinations in R?
Visualizing multiple histograms
What is the weak side of decision trees?
How to find a confidence interval for the total number of events
Automation of standardization
Extending the birthday paradox to more than 2 people
How do I figure out what kind of distribution represents this data on ping response times?
Visualizing two scalar variables over time
Parametric techniques for n-related samples
Statistics Jokes
How to get around Numerical Overflow in Stata?
References for how to plan a study
How could I predict the results of a simple card game?
Is mutual information invariant to scaling, i.e. multiplying all elements by a nonzero constant?
Intuition for higher moments in circular statistics
Robust version of Hotelling $T^2$ test
Estimating variability over time
Comparing multiple contingency tables, independent data
Techniques for Handling Incomplete/Missing Data
Robust t-test for mean 
What is numerical overflow?
Libraries for forest and funnel plots
Obtaining and interpreting bootstrapped confidence intervals from hierarchical data
Statistical test for difference between two odds ratios?
Consequences of an improper link function in N alternative forced choice procedures (e.g. 2AFC)?
Mixed regression models and custom link functions in R?
The Risk game dice problem
Time-series data pre-aggregated into non-stationary rolling 12-month periods: are there special considerations for modeling?
Example of a 2nd order stationary, but not strictly stationary process
What do the residuals in a logistic regression mean?
Can Principal Component Analysis be used alone to infer major patterns within data instead of k means clustering?
Example of a stochastic process that is 1st and 2nd order stationary, but not strictly stationary (Round 2)
How should I transform non-negative data including zeros?
Coefficient of Determination ($r^2$): I have never fully grasped the interpretation
How to identify points and an unknown distribution in a two type clustering problem?
What is the distribution of OR (odds ratio)?
Why is multiple comparison a problem?
How to identify transfer functions in a time series regression forecasting model?
Ideal transformation for consumption variable in a probit model
Using Std.Dev and Mean to generate hypothetical/additional data points?
A Primer on Estimator Efficiency?
Is it possible to directly read CSV columns as categorical data?
Visualization software for clustering
Testing implementation of Anderson-Darling test for uniform RV
Few machine learning problems
Correcting experiment results
What is the distribution of $\chi^n_k$?
Cognitive processing/interpretation of data visualizations techniques
What resources/methods exist for testing/validation or evaluation of Statistical Methods
Useful statistical functions for business -- for use by a newbie
On univariate outlier tests (or: Dixon Q versus Grubbs)
The expected value of random variable on tosses of a coin
Data Mining and Statistical Analysis
What's the difference between a probability and a proportion?
What type of post-fit analysis of residuals do you use?
How to calculate the exact confidence interval for relative risk?
Best method for comparing multiple ranging measures
What are the advantages of using mutual information over Pearson correlation in network inference?
Why does the supremum of the Brownian bridge have the Kolmogorov–Smirnov distribution?
What is the expected MINIMUM value drawn from a uniform distribution between 0 and 1 after n trials?
Analysis of multiple time series
Test if differences between frequencies is significant
Statistically significant vs. independent/dependent
James-Stein shrinkage 'in the wild'?
Normalizing data
What dependence is implied by a chi square test for independence?
How can I calculate the conditional probability of several events?
Recreating traditional null hypothesis testing with Bayesian methods
What are the differences between Factor Analysis and Principal Component Analysis
Regression coefficients that flip sign after including other predictors
Appropriate link function for 2AFC data?
Python as a statistics workbench
What other normalizing transformations are commonly used beyond the common ones like square root, log, etc.?
Constructing smoothing splines with cross-validation
Is there a way to remember the definitions of Type I and Type II Errors?
Do working statisticians care about the difference between frequentist and Bayesian inference?
Using information geometry to define distances and volumes…useful?
Comparing 2 independent non-central t statistics
Based on z-score, is it possible to compute confidence without looking at a z-table?
If the t-test and the ANOVA for two groups are equivalent, why aren't their assumptions equivalent?
Appropriate normality tests for small samples
Intraclass correlation and aggregation
Using mixed effects modelling to estimate and compare variability
How to fit a negative binomial distribution in R while incorporating censoring
What is a test of independence
Which 2-sample univariate t-test to use?
What books provide an overview of engineering statistics?
What books provide an overview of computational statistics as it applies to computer science?
Fisher information and the surface area of the typical set
I just installed the latest version of R. What packages should I obtain?
Chernoff-like bound for largest allowed deviation?
Applied statistics to find the minimum load for power factor floor
Tangency portfolio in R
Variation in PCA weights
How to draw a probable outcome from a distribution?
Express answers in terms of original units, in Box-Cox transformed data
Video/Audio online material for getting into Bayesian analysis and logistic-regressions
Export/format output from pairwise.t.test to LaTeX
Method to compare variable coefficient in two regression models
Survival Analysis tools in Python
How to find summary statistics for all unique combinations of factors in a data.frame in R?
How can you approximate the number of trials to success given a particular Pr(Success)?
Visualizing standard deviation on a Cartesian plot
Significant Difference between two network graphs
Statistics/Probability Videos for Beginners
What are alternatives to broken axes?
What are correct values for precision and recall in edge cases?
How to start an analysis of keywords from a bibliography and detect correlations?
Unbiased estimation of covariance matrix for multiply censored data
Using bootstrap for glm coefficients variance estimation (in R)
Meaningful deviation measure with strongly varying datapoints
What would a confidence interval around a predicted value from a mixed effects model mean?
Recommendations - or best practices - for analyzing non-independent data. Specific example relating to pain perception data provided
Fisher's Exact Test in contingency tables larger than 2x2
How to perform Student's t-test having only sample size, sample average and population average are known?
FA: Choosing Rotation matrix, based on Simple Structure Criteria
Comparing two genetic algorithms
Recommended books on experiment design?
How to determine the sample size needed for repeated measurement ANOVA?
Test for Poolability of Individual Data Series
Cross-Validation in plain english?
What algorithm is used in linear regression?
How do I vertically stack two graphs with the same x scale, but a different y scale in R?
Hypothesis testing that one time-series of a measure of entropy doesn't belong to a population
What are the pros and cons of using the logrank vs. the Mantel-Haenszel method for computing the Hazard Ratio in survival analysis?
Bayesian rating system with multiple categories for each rating
Difference between Cohen's d and Hedges' g for effect size metrics
Testing two independent samples for null of same skew?
Application of machine learning techniques in small sample clinical studies
Regression specification choices
How to summarize categorical data?
Might be an unbalanced within subjects repeated measures?
What is the expected number of runs of same color in a standard deck of cards?
How to simulate a custom power analysis of an lm model (using R)
How to learn how to use a new statistical GUI?
Based on my data, is Jack likely to be clumsy?
Parametric Surface Reconstruction from Contours with Quick Rescaling
Is my weatherman accurate?
Analysis of cross correlation between point-processes
Revolutions in statistics for the last 50 years?
Determining the variability of a benchmark
Statistics conferences?
Data mining conferences?
Machine Learning conferences?
Why can scale invariance cause a loss of explanatory power?
Choice for priors for exponential spatial covariance
Newman's modularity clustering for graphs
How to compute efficiency?
Is there an accepted definition for the median of a sample on the plane, or higher ordered spaces?
Whither bootstrapping - can someone provide a simple explanation to get me started?
Quantitative methods and statistics conferences in psychology?
What is the name of this normalization?
Comparing noisy data sequences to estimate the likelihood of them being produced by different instances of an identical Markov process
Can you use normal correlation for vectors with only 2 (or 3), ordered, levels?
Looking for good introductory treatment of meta-analysis
Kernel bandwidth in Kernel density estimation
Density estimation methods?
What is a statistical journal with quick turnaround?
Family-wise confidence intervals
Complete substantive examples of reproducible research using R
Under what conditions should one use multilevel/hierarchical analysis?
How problematic is it to control for non-independent covariates in an observational (i.e., non-randomized) study?
How do I decide what span to use in LOESS regression in R?
A survey of data-mining software tools
Measures of publication importance in statistics?
Estimating population correlation based on current data and a previous study
Plotting standard errors
Recommend some books/articles/guides to enter predictive analytics?
The distribution of the linear combination of Gamma random variables
Estimating mean and st dev of a truncated gaussian curve without spike
Interpretation of biplots in principal components analysis in R
Learning parameters of a mixture of Gaussian using MLE
Short online videos that could assist a lecture on statistics
How can I (numerically) approximate values for a beta distribution with large alpha & beta
Follow up: In a mixed within-between ANOVA plot estimated SEs or actual SEs?
Does a cointegration model exist for irregularly spaced time series?
How to make a time series stationary?
What's good about I-projections?
Checking assumptions for random effects in nested mixed-effects models in R / S-Plus
Quickly evaluate (visually) correlations between ordered categorical data in R?
Computing probability distribution function for uniform random variables and Y=1-X
Relationship between poisson and exponential distribution
Free treemapping software
How to get Sphericity in R for a nested within subject design?
Using [R] to connect to a Web Service
Computing best subset of predictors for linear regression
Flowcharts to help selecting the proper analysis technique and test?
Wald-Wolfowitz Runs Test for Normality Assumptions Testing
How can I estimate coefficient standard errors when using ridge regression?
What's the difference between correlation and simple linear regression?
How to prove the exponential expansion recursive form?
For a classification problem if class variable has unequal distribution which technique we should use?
R package for fixed-effect logistic regression
How do I compare the repeatability of two sets of experiments with a low number of samples?
Linear regression effect sizes when using transformed variables
For data similar to audio, how to determine if there are 1 or 2 categories?
What is the difference between a particle filter (sequential Monte Carlo) and a Kalman filter?
How to plot ROC curves in multiclass classification?
How to interpret a control chart containing a majority of zero values? (Part 2)
Applying the kernel trick to linear methods?
How to compute the standard error of an L-estimator?
Preferred method for identifying curvilinear effect in multi-variable regression framework
Resources for learning to create data visualizations?
Variable importance from SVM
Book recommendations for multivariate analysis
Can you explain why statistical tie is not naively when p_1-p_2 < 2 MOE?
How to reconstruct ensemble of trees from random forest?
Precedent for Bootstrap-like procedure with invented data?
Find range of possible values for probability of intersection given individual probabilities
Feed-forward and recurrent neural networks?
Estimating parameters of sum-stable RV via L-estimators
Two answers to the dartboard problem
How do we create a confidence interval for the parameter of a permutation test?
Books covering how to conduct a meta-anlysis
Convergence in probability vs. almost sure convergence
Alternatives to logistic regression in R
Standard errors for estimates of smoothing parameters
Kaplan-Meier, survival analysis and plots in R
Statistics and causal inference?
How to test group differences on a five point variable?
Adding labels to points using mds and scatter3d package with R
How to prove that preimage of measurable space is measurable?
When is it acceptable to collapse across groups when performing a factor analysis?
Expected value of small sample
Access tables created in SAS Enterprise Guide Client into SAS Enterprise Miner Client?
What's the difference between a confidence interval and a credible interval?
How can I determine accuracy of past probability calculations?
Determination of effect size for a repeated measures ANOVA power analysis
Recommended books or articles as introduction to Cluster Analysis?
Lumping in Markov process with absorbing states
Papers on Bayesian factor analysis?
Visualization of a multivariate function
Statistical forensics: Benford and beyond
Feature selection for final model when performing cross-validation in machine learning
What software allows non-parametric repeated-measures multi-way Anova?
What are good references for dynamic pricing?
Setting up experiment for statistical analysis
How to perform Neural Network modelling effectively?
Output of logistic model in R
How to standardize a data-set
Trees generated by multi-type branching processes in n steps
Best way to present a random forest in a publication?
Metropolis-Hastings algorithms used in practice
Why does the random forest OOB estimate of error improve when the number of features selected are decreased?
When are Shao's results on leave-one-out cross-validation applicable?
Are there any examples where Bayesian credible intervals are obviously inferior to frequentist confidence intervals
Explain the difference between multiple regression and multivariate regression, with minimal use of symbols/math
Is there a biglm equivalent for coxph?
Factor analysis of questionnaires composed of Likert items
A transform to change skew without affecting kurtosis?
What are the 'big problems' in statistics?
Testing prediction time series against real data
Data visualisation- summarise 190 means and response rates
What practical implications/interpretations are there of a kurtotic distribution?
What is the relationship between a chi squared test and test of equal proportions?
Asymptotic distribution of multinomial
Is it appropriate to treat n-point Likert scale data as n trials from a binomial process?
Survey questionnaire rebasing after removal of a selection
Can CART models be made robust?
Boosted decision trees in python?
Date/Time data on the y-axis
Standard reference for classical mathematical statistics?
How should one approch Project Euler problem 213
When does rules based classifier outperforms decision trees?
LOESS that allows discontinuities
Desirable and undesirable properties of Latin squares in experiments?
How to choose df for comparisons between summary statistics (e.g. slope values)?
How to make age pyramid like plot in R?
Markov Process about only depending on previous state
Estimate the size of a population being sampled by the number of repeat observations
Classification after factor analysis
Post hoc tests in ANCOVA
Measuring Document Similarity
Asymptotic power
How to model and test a decision support system (e.g. a terrorist warning system)?
Is normality testing 'essentially useless'?
Managing error with GPS routes (theoretical framework?)
Explain what a kernel is, in plain English
Test for finite variance?
Can we approximate this function by a polynomial?
Pitman's test of equality of variance and testing for regression to the mean: am I doing the right thing?
Are large data sets inappropriate for hypothesis testing?
Confidence intervals on differences in choices in a GEE framework: methods and alternatives?
Is there a reference that suggest using 30 as a large enough sample size?
Why is median age a better statistic than mean age?
Issues using Hermite approximation to bivariate Gaussian in R
Gputools for R: how to interpret the experimental procedure?
What are some of the best ranking algorithms with inputs as up and down votes?
Correlation stress testing
Difference between histogram and pdf?
How to rank the results of questions with categorical answers?
Measuring goodness-of-fit in a model that combines two distributions
Graphing low-end prices of goods in a market over time
Is the survival function the same as the upper tail?
When to use (non)parametric test of homoscedasticity assumption?
How to project a vector onto matrix of rotation in PCA
What stop-criteria for agglomerative hierarchical clustering are used in practice?
Probability to find the treasure five times in row
How to deal with correlations not statistically significantly different from zero?
How to combine confidence intervals for a variance component of a mixed-effects model when using multiple imputation
How to explain such a big difference between parametric and non parametric test (and other questions)?
Analytical solutions to limits of correlation stress testing
How can I determine the best fit normal distribution from this information?
Continuous and Categorical variable data analysis
Autocorrelation in the presence of non-stationarity?
Statistical inference when the sample is the population
Can someone explain the C-Index in the context of hierarchical clustering?
Conjugate prior for a Gamma distribution
How to compare different distributions with reference truth value in Matlab?
What is the difference between likelihood and probability?
Predicting proportions from time with a discontinuity
Panel data and selection models issue
Difference between Norm of Residuals and what is a good Norm of Residual
All-Purpose Sample Entropy
Odds at least 1 person is born in January?
How to calculate average time in service
Is a random sample of a Poisson distribution also Poisson distributed?
How does correlation among repeated measures work for repeated measures power analysis in g*power?
Understanding productivity or expenses over time without falling victim to stochastic interruptions
Whether to use robust linear regression or bootstrapping when there is heteroscedasticity?
How would YOU compute IMDB movie rating?
Making sense of principal component analysis, eigenvectors & eigenvalues
How good is my error?
Rules of thumb for modern statistics
Clustering with a distance matrix
R plots to a connection?
Algorithm for choosing the number of clusters when using pam in R?
Good resource to understand anova and ancova?
What is an If-Then rule?
On the use of oblique rotation after PCA
How to use Stata to pool Cohen's d?
How to efficiently generate Positive Semi Definite correlation matrices?
How to conduct conditional Cox regression for matched case-control study?
Calculating Orwin's (1983) modified Fail-safe N in a meta-analysis with Odds Ratio as summary statistic?
What is a consistency check?
Good text on Clinical Trials?
What is the difference between PCA and asymptotic PCA?
Modelling longitudinal data where the effect of time varies in functional form between individuals
What's recommended for the number of users to use in qualitative and quantitative usability studies?
Combining repeated experiments into one dataset
Significance of the slope of a straight line fit
Best PCA Algorithm For Huge Number of Features?
Correcting p values for multiple tests where tests are correlated (genetics)
What are good resources/criteria for judging human bias in data collection?
Checking ANOVA assumptions
Measures of model complexity
What is the difference between summary and loadings for princomp?
An easy explanation for the parallel coordinates plot
How to test for causation in a static panel data model with small t?
How to analyze these data?
Calculating probability for bivariate normal distributions based on bootstrapped regression coefficients
PCA on out-of-sample data
Should I reverse score items before running reliability analyses (item-total correlation) and factor analysis?
Nearest neighbor information for recommendation engines
How will you deal with don't know and missing data in survey data?
Best value to store ratio data and compare it to time period average
Intuition / interpretation of a distribution of eigenvalues of a correlation matrix?
Moments of a distribution - any use for partial or higher moments?
Dynamic calculation of number of samples required to estimate the mean
How can I work around lumpiness in simulated maximum likelihood estimation?
What is the community's take on the Fourth Quadrant?
Computing the cumulative distribution of max drawdown of random walk with drift
How to efficiently manage a statistical analysis project?
How to detect when a regression model is over-fit?
What is a good internet based source of information on Hierarchical Modeling?
Are these formulas for transforming P, LSD, MSD, HSD, CI, to SE as an exact or inflated/conservative estimate of $\hat{\sigma}$ correct?
Is Lorenz curve the same as QQ-plot?
Is there a verifiable way to generate discrete random variables on the basis of an external event?
Metric spaces and the support of a random variable
Using Lorenz curve / Gini coefficient for (non-ecomoical) distribution data
Quantifying QQ plot
How to do community detection in a weighted social network/graph?
kNN randomization test in R?
Have I computed these likelihood ratios correctly?
OLS is BLUE. But what if I don't care about unbiasedness and linearity?
How do you calculate the standard deviation on a multiplicative scale for a distribution that has been transformed logarithmically?
Omega squared for measure of effect in R?
Estimating latent performance potential based on a sequence of observations
What is the definition of best as used in the term best fit and cross validation?
Pseudo-random orthogonal matrix generation
Normalizing or detrending groups of samples
Clustering variables based on correlations between them
Interpreting output of igraph's fastgreedy.community clustering method
Soft-thresholding vs. Lasso penalization
Sample size calculation for univariate logistic regression
Log graph question
Factor analysis of dyadic data
Why is Poisson regression used for count data?
How to escape symbolic value in R
How to test hypothesis of no group differences?
How to do dimensionality reduction in R
Mean of a sliding window in R
How to look for valleys in a graph?
Bootstrapped regression with total data or bootstrap with matched data?
Does the concordance correlation coefficient make linearity or monotone assumptions?
How do we find concordance between two sets of non-linear, non-monotonic data
Longitudinal comparison of two distributions
Among Matlab and Python, which one is good for statistical analysis?
How to detect which one is the better study when they give you conflicting results?
What is wrong with this naive shuffling algorithm?
Differences between tetrachoric and Pearson correlation
Regression analysis and parameter estimates with populations
Quantifying the degree of consistency of two fitted curves
How much can the pyramid of evidence be applied to economics and political sciences?
What is your favorite problem for an introduction to probability?
What are the examples for stochastic processes in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science?
Tracking Algorithms
Calculation of Relative Risk Confidence Interval
Parametric sample size calculation and non-parametric analysis
Cross-correlation significance in R
Learning the Structure of a Hierarchical Reinforcement Task
How can I adjust classifier to the scale of the other
Numbers 1-100, calculating how many I must pick to get x% of reliability
Error in estimating the size of a set?
How to perform a test using R to see if data follows normal distribution
Knnclassify() matlab
Linear model with constraints
How should I objectively test my program results?
Question on confidence interval
What is this type of circular-link visualization called?
Use robust standard errors in confint
How to calculate cex.axis automatically so to fit to the maximal width possible (in R)?
Where can I find a good resources for making publication quality line plots
Does a high likelihood of duplicate samples invalidate my data or certain operations on it?
Mixed effects log-linear models
How can I display empirical pdf of my 100x1 vector data in Matlab?
Cross-section and fixed effects models
A good way to show lots of data graphically
Dealing with missing data due to variable not being measured over initial period of a study
Getting seRious about time series with R
Visualizing activity frequency
How can I test the fairness of a d20?
Clustering of a matrix (homogeneity measurement)
Is adjusting p-values in a multiple regression for multiple comparisons a good idea?
How do I order or rank a set of experts?
Given sample size, group means, and misc. post-hoc range statistics, can you suggest a good way to estimate variance through simulation?
Mode, Class and Type of R objects
Inter-experimental variation in survival experiment - how to estimate variability?
Trigonometric operations on standard deviations
How to create a vector with equivalent spacing between its consecutive elements in R?
Dependent variable selection for loglinear segmented regression in time-series analysis of rare events
Timing functions in R
Time series 'clustering' in R
How to measure/argue the goodness of fit of a trendline to a power law?
Do some of you use Google Docs spreadsheet to conduct and share your statistical work with others?
Calculation of seasonality indexes for complex seasonality
How to cope with exploratory data analysis and data dredging in small-sample studies?
Adjusting for covariates in ROC curve analysis
Combining many datasets to increase confidence
Using Covariance Estimator to Perform Linear Regression?
How to teach students who fear statistics?
Visualization of connections between groups
Interpreting 2D correspondence analysis plots
Clustering genes in a time course experiment
Probability of Game Outcomes (with ties!)
Regularization and Mean Estimation
Statistics based on fractal mathematics
Distance between empirically generated distributions (in R)
Interpreting 2D correspondence analysis plots (Part II)
A matching problem for 3 decks of cards
Building a Statistics Library, with Knapsack Constraint
Resources for learning Markov chain and hidden Markov models
Dealing with trouble maker samples
Fractal alternative to correlation
Is there an analytical expression for the distribution of the max of a normal k sample?
How hard is to convert a library from S-PLUS 8.0 to R?
Statistical similarity of time series
Rank in R - descending order
Why use a lagged DV as an instrumental variable?
Given a 10D MCMC chain, how can I determine its posterior mode(s) in R?
Is it possible to do time-series clustering based on curve shape?
Calculating posterior probabilities in R?
Ordering of time series for machine learning
Rating how closely one graph models another
Recreating R's hist function's bin counting
Are these equivalent representations of the same hierarchical Bayesian model?
Product of beta distributions
Can I use Synthetic Control Method for Comparative Case Studies with survey data?
R package ltm: How to manipulate title on item response category characteristic curve plot
Does averaging across multiple time series render higher Nyquist frequency?
Is it possible to accumulate a set of statistics that describes a large number of samples such that I can then produce a boxplot?
Online algorithm for mean absolute deviation and large data set
Analysis of variables of varying numbers
How to smooth histograms with bins 1, 2, 4, ... wide?
Compare treatments on mean difference between two times
How to deal with non-binary categorical variables in logistic regression (SPSS)
Why Use the Cornish-Fisher Expansion Instead of Sample Quantile?
Excel as a statistics workbench
Smoothness of a surface
From a statistical perspective, can one infer causality using propensity scores with an observational study?
What's the accuracy of data obtained through a random sample?
Smoothing time series data
Comparing mixed effect models with the same number of degrees of freedom
Hurst exponent calculation methodology
Patient distance metrics
Recommendations for visualization type when data has an extremely wide variance
How to quasi match two vectors of strings (in R)?
Calculating percentile of normal distribution
How to calculate the pairwise LD for the given data?
Is single precision floating point so bad?
Alternatives to classification trees, with better predictive (e.g: CV) performance?
Reviewing statistics in papers
Computing correlation (and the significance of said correlation) between a pair of time series
Best practice when analysing pre-post treatment-control designs
Load Linux workspace in S-PLUS for Windows
Finding marginal densities of $f (x,y) = c \sqrt{1 - x^2 - y^2}, x^2 + y^2 \leq 1$
How to name the ticks in a python matplotlib boxplot
Cluster Analysis followed by Discriminant Analysis
Obtaining SAS experience
Calculating False Acceptance Rate for a Gaussian Distribution of scores
Why break down the denominator in Bayes' Theorem?
Doing regressions on samples from a very large file: are the means and SEs of the sample coefficients consistent estimators?
If an ANOVA indicates no main effect and no interaction, should the lack of interaction be stated?
How to apply LASSO to IRLS (logistic regression)?
What is the normality test for binary data?
Binomial test for a binary variable
Is Matlab/octave or R better suited for monte carlo simulation?
Can someone explain the concept of 'exchangeability'?
Has anyone used the Marascuilo procedure for comparing multiple proportions?
Are there any R functions which support Reversible Jump MCMC for a GLM or SGLM?
Random numbers and the multicore package
Unbalanced repeated measure design for the given data?
Inter-rater reliability for ordinal or interval data
What is a good resource on table design?
F and t statistics in a regression
Replicating R model in SAS
Adaptive kernel density estimators?
Which pseudo-$R^2$ measure is the one to report for logistic regression (Cox & Snell or Nagelkerke)?
Dealing with correlated regressors
How to use Kernel Density Estimation for Prediction?
Is it rows by columns or columns by rows?
How to deal with survey question with multiple response?
Inconsistency between Chi-sq and CI Estimation using Wald test
Correlation between two variables of unequal size
Survival analysis, one cohort, two classifications
Statistics and data mining software tools for dealing with large datasets
Model suggestion
Robust standard errors for panel data vs robust estimation for panel data
Cox regression and time scale
How to easily determine the results distribution for multiple dice?
What is the best statistical test for a time series?
Plugging in mean values/proportions to a logistic regression with continuous-discrete interaction
Relation between logistic regression coefficient and odds ratio in JMP
CIR Process-Variance reduction
Should we regress x or use logistic regression on x>5000
Multi-way nonparametric anova
How to calculate the standard deviation on a sample set with irregular time periods
How to parameterize the ratio of two normally distributed variables, or the inverse of one?
Forecasting Age distribution
Simple Estimates vs Model for calculating mean and variance of population
Expected distribution of random draws
Combining two confidence intervals/point estimates
Adding coefficients to obtain interaction effects - what to do with SEs?
Repeatability and measurement error from and between observers
A measure to describe the distribution of a dendrogram
Multiple response analysis of arrest records
What is the meaning of $\|a\|_p=\left(\sum _{i=1}^n \left|a_i(t)\right|{}^p\right){}^{\frac{1}{p}}$?
Where to cut a dendrogram?
Coefficient / model averaging to control for exogenous circumstances in prediction
Show average instead of median in boxplot
Understanding published data: z-ratio for proportions
Data manipulation in R for functional data analysis
Adding coefficients to obtain interaction effects - can I add standard errors?
Difference between Excel's RAND(), RAND()*RAND(), etc 
Forecasting unemployment rate
Choosing clustering method
Bayes' Theorem and Agresti-Coull: Will it blend?
Is it possible to calculate Pearson/Spearman correlation of more than two judges in MATLAB?
Microsoft Excel formula for variance
Approximating $Pr[n \leq X \leq m]$ for a discrete distribution
Pearson's or Spearman's correlation with non-normal data
What intuitive explanation is there for the central limit theorem?
Does data transformed in a certain way from a normal distribution fit some other common distribution?
Finding the average GPS point
Usage of HMM in quantitative finance. Examples of HMM that works to detect trend / turning points?
If variable kernel widths are often good for kernel regression, why are they generally not good for kernel density estimation?
How to read large dataset in R
Random effect slopes in linear mixed models
What is a meaning of p-value F from Friedman test?
Looking for impl of a Fuzzy Neural Network (FNN or SOFNN)
The best measure of reliability for interval data between 0 and 1
Can I use permutation tests for to avoid the multiple comparison problem in the context of proportions?
Probability of not drawing a word from a bag of letters in Scrabble
Is there a way to compute confidence intervals for regression estimates of simulated data?
How to do factorial analysis for a non-normal and heteroscedastic data?
Empirical relationship between mean, median and mode
How can the IID assumption be checked in a given dataset?
Is there a term for generating time-line based data from individual points? Also how would I do this?
How do you draw structural equation/MPLUS models?
Probability that someone will like image
Updating a beta-binomial
Sampling with unequal bins?
Data transformation for Principal Components Analysis from different Likert scales
How to annoy a statistical referee?
Analysis with three categorical variables
When does the sd stay the same, even after values in the sample were changed?
Inter-rater reliability between similarity matrices
How does one calculate Cohen's d and confidence intervals after logit in Stata?
Estimating k in d=kv
Automatic test measuring dissimilarity between two time series
Two years of data describing occurence of violence- testing association with number of patients on ward
How to create a barplot diagram where bars are side-by-side in R
Forecasting unemployment rate with plm
How can I format and export PCA output in Stata?
How to increase size of label fonts in barplot
Comparing test-retest reliabilities
Analyze and generate clumpy distributions?
How do I get people to take better care of data?
Undefined link function in gamma distribution
What are independent events?
Unbalanced mixed effect ANOVA for repeated measures
How to put values over bars in barplot in R
Computing unbiased estimators of $\sigma$ for m samples of size n
Reorder categorical data in ggplot2
package R.basic
Why vertical distances?
Can cross validation be used for causal inference?
Is there a parameter that is calculated as a range to mean ratio?
Factor Significance for Factor Model
Does corr function in Matlab consider correction for tied ranks?
Start time requirements or assumptions for survival analysis
When are confidence intervals useful?
Item Analysis for an R newbie
Visualizing Likert Item Response Data
Value based on a supplied standard-deviation
How to look at two different (but related) averages within a population
Assessing linearity in a mixed effects model
Are there default functions for discrete uniform distributions in R?
Intuitive explanation for dividing in (n-1) when calculating sd?
Kendall Tau or Spearman's rho?
Explain model adjustment, in plain English
Help me understand Support Vector Machines
What options are there to combine different distance functions?
Determining whether a website is active using daily visits
What is your favorite, easy to use statistical analysis website or software package?
Random permutation of a vector with a fixed expected sample correlation to the original?
Large deviations proof question
Overlapping probability distributions
Sequential hypothesis testing in basic science
From Marginal Exp-Norm Distributions to What Conditionals and Joint?
What distribution to use to model changes in ratios?
Adding Zoom & Pan for Protovis Dot Chart with GeoScale
Understanding AIC and Schwarz criterion
How to calculate Rousseeuw’s and Croux’ (1993) Qn scale estimator for large samples?
Subsetting a data-frame in R based on dates
How to create an index
How to understand optimal Scaling in R: The Package homals for novices
Stratified Random Sampling of Ratio (X/Y) where X itself is an estimate
Inter-rater reliability using Intra-class correlation with ratings for multiple objects on multiple properties
Set a threshold for a sequence
Can you say that statistics and probability is like induction and deduction?
Translate R to C++ (eventually with Rcpp)
Measuring statistical significance of machine learning algorithms comparison
Chi-square test for equality of distributions: how many zeroes does it tolerate?
MLE for Naive Bayes in R
Finding coefficients for VECM + exogenous variables
Interpretation/use of kernel density
R: compute correlation by group
Averaging time series with different sampling interval
Measuring the distance between two multivariate distributions
How does the power of a logistic regression and a t-test compare?
How can the number of connections be Gaussian if it cannot be negative?
Testing nonlinearity in logistic regression
How to plot a fan (Polar) Dendrogram in R?
Random generation of scores similar to those of a classification model
How should one define the sample variance for scalar input?
How does one calculate confidence intervals on predictions generated by logit in Stata?
How to perform t-test with huge samples?
Factored Joint Distribution of Tree Augmented Naive Bayes Algorithm
What is the precise definition of a Heywood Case?
How to take many samples of 10 from a large list, without replacement overall
How to make forecasts for a time series?
Graphical data overview (summary) function in R
Interpreting PCA scores
VIF, condition Index and eigenvalues
Intervention analysis with multi-dimensional time-series
Data mining algorithm suggestion
How to estimate how many people attended an event (say, a political rally)?
Difference between GLS and SUR
Using weighted regression to obtain fit lines for which I only have summary data
Statistics Proof that $E[(X-Y)^2] = 0$
Regression Proof that the point of averages (x,y) lies on the estimated regression line
Comparing model fits across a set of nonlinear regression models
What is the probability that random variable $x_1$ is maximum of random vector $X=(x_i)$ from a multivariate normal distribution?
How can I control the false positives rate?
Using the distance of p-value from alpha
Scale-invariant analysis of time series
Optimization of MLE for mixture problems
Saturation in ARIMA (et al) models?
Using the EM Algorithm for unimodal distributions?
How will studying stochastic processes help me as a statistician?
How to prove that new measurement tool & process gives same result as old?
Estimating the probability that a software change fixed a problem
Resampling, binomial, z- and t-test: help with real data
How can Gröbner bases used to describe discrete probability?
The formula for finding the mode of grouped data
Using lmer for prediction
Where do the full conditionals come from in Gibbs sampling?
Do third order asymptotics exist?
Confidence interval for ratio in timeseries
Using lead-lag relationships for time series prediction
What is the distribution of a chi-square minimizing function?
How to visualize 3D contingency matrix?
Choosing the scope when performing multiple comparisons?
Effect size of McNemar's Test
A Probability distribution value exceeding 1 is OK?
Subjective Bayesian's care for real world validation and classical statistician's worry about CI related paradoxes for a given data set?
Do negative probabilities/probability amplitudes have applications outside quantum mechanics?
Training a model
Significance of $r^2$ value
Sources of within-cluster correlation other than random shocks
Validating questionnaires
What is the meaning of 'Marginal mean'?
How to calculate the truncated or trimmed mean?
Can I semi-automate MCMC convergence diagnostics to set the burn-in length?
Tips and tricks to get started with statistical modeling?
Should I use an average ECDF?
Graphing real-time data from a text file
Essential papers on matrix decompositions
When to use regularization methods for regression?
Using autocorrelation to find commonly occurring signal fragments
How can I integrate R with PHP?
Intuitive explanation of the bias-variance tradeoff?
Principal Component Analysis among matrices
Aggregation of propensity scores with varying reliability
How to test if change is significant across multiple categories?
How to test for parallelism for two linear models?
R code for time series forecasting using Kalman filter
Use of kernel density estimate in Naive Bayes Classifier?
Binary or Multinomial Logistic Regression?
At least, how many times an experiment should be replicated?
Is it possible to apply Bayes Theorem with only samples from the prior?
What is the difference between effectiveness and efficacy in determining the benefit of therapy 'A' on condition 'B'?
Compute the power of a matrix in R
Do the null hypotheses used for benjamini-hochberg have to be identical?
Reversible jump MCMC code (Matlab or R)
Uniform Distribution Test
State space form of time varying AR(1)
What is a good use of the 'comment' function in R?
What to do with confounding variables?
How do I group a list of numeric values into ranges?
Good fuzzy textbook
How to conduct community division of a social network with R?
Fitting GAMM model in R
Distributions other than the normal where mean and variance are independent
Does rpart use multivariate splits by default?
Statistical argument for why 10,000 heads from 20,000 tosses suggests invalid data
What is the most surprising characterization of the Gaussian (normal) distribution?
Can a probability distribution have infinite standard deviation?
Auxiliary Model in the White Test
Lagrangian relaxation in the context of ridge regression
Logistic regression with non-negative parameter
Can one validly reduce the numbers of items in a published Likert-scale?
What is the maximum likelihood estimator of the mean of two normally-distributed variables?
What is the difference between statistics and biostatistics?
In SPSS, is there any way to define a use groups of data based on combinations of variables?
How do I capture regularity of a time series in a normalized way?
Make R report error on using non-existent column name in a data frame
Estimating the probability of a person getting a question right
Reordering a dendrogram in R
Latest article or new development in cross validation?
Intractable posterior distributions
Small sample linear regression: Where to start
Who to follow on github to learn about best practice in data analysis?
How many data points do we need for mixed effects longitudinal data?
Model for population density estimation
Sum of squares two ways, how are they connected?
Social network datasets
How to calculate the expected number of distinct items when drawing pairs?
What is a good tool and format for representing and communicating the design content of a survey?
Median of Medians calculation
Any ideas about how to analyze survival data with pseudo-replication (dependent data)?
How to increase longer term reproducibility of research (particularly using R and Sweave)
Using R's formula style lm() with SPSS
Calculating quantiles for chi squared distribution
Validating a linear model with R, lm()
What order are the rows in a dataframe in R displayed in?
Is this the correct way to calculate $MSE$ from $SS_{\text{treatment(s)}}$, $df_{\text{treatment(s)}}$, $F$?
Removing borders in R plots for achieving Tufte's axis
Inserting small arrows (triangles) in bottom axis pointing up with R
Adjusting axis properties in a timeseries graph
What's the relation between hierarchical models, neural networks, graphical models, bayesian networks?
Repositories and data analysis projects
Typographic conventions for width of figures in LaTeX data analysis reports
Factorization of a joint density over a directed graph
How to compute goodness of fit for a linear model in R
Statistical query model algorithms?
How to measure/weight the importance of tags?
Regression with multiple dependent variables?
Regression on a triangular shaped region of points representing a symmetric relation
What is the difference between the coef and (exp)coef output of coxph in R?
When to interpret multivariate tests when performing repeated-measures ANCOVA?
Calculation of incidence rate for epidemiological study in hospital
Are there any recommended approaches for analysing data from genetic algorithms?
In R, does glmnet fit an intercept?
How does one do a Type-III SS ANOVA in R with contrast codes?
What are common statistical sins?
How to compute the steady state gain from the transfer function of a discrete time system?
Comparison of two values in a statistically sound manner
When is Generalized Belief Propagation exact?
Calculation of incidence rate for epidemiological study -- prevalence rate this time
Yates continuity correction for 2 x 2 contingency tables
Tutorials on object-oriented programming in R
Is the Lagrange function objective plus lambda times constraints or objective minus lambda times constraints?
Who uses R with multicore, SNOW or CUDA package for resource intense computing?
Optimal parameter $\alpha$ for exponential smoothing using least squares
Nonlinear models which are hard to estimate
How to find text blocks in a scanned document?
Explaining variation in a dependent variable based on a factorial experiment
Java implementations of the lasso
Uncertainty of conditional probability evaluated from sample
Averaged continuous Kernel Density Estimates in lieu of a discrete Kernel Density Estimate in Monte Carlo Proceedure
Gradient of Hinge loss
How do I get non-parametric test values (not just p) in PASW 18?
Log normal distributions - particle sizes in an aerosol
Good econometrics textbooks?
Establishing that the population sampled of two separate surveys is the same
Determining market share from multiple choice questions on a survey
How to check that a sample suits multi-dimensional uniform distribution?
Updating the lasso fit with new observations
Interpreting the drop1 output in R
Interpreting the step output in R
Meta analysis on studies with 0-frequency cells
Toy regression question with latent variables
How to combine probabilities?
Gradient descent oscillating a lot. Have I chosen my step direction incorrectly?
Is there a relationship between the median of a function of random variables and the function of the median of random variables?
Comparison of the tails of two sample distributions
Relationship between Binomial and Beta distributions
Least-angle regression vs. lasso
R resources in non-English languages
non-linear time series
R: How to create a function from a model?
Soft and Hard EM (Expectation Maximization)
Sampling with non-uniform costs
Specifying conditional probabilities in hybrid Bayesian networks
Generative vs discriminant models
Internal reliability for an ordinal scale
How to do weighted pair hierarchical clustering in R?
How to test for parameter stationarity?
Bayesian model comparison for randomly sampled sets of models
What is the difference between fixed effect, random effect and mixed effect models?
Can two different data sets get the same eigenvector in PCA?
Comparing two cumulative density functions
Binomial confidence interval estimation - why is it not symmetric?
What is the difference between a nested and a non-nested model?
Non-linear model fitting in many dimensions
How to setup a laboratory experiment in Ecological Research under high natural variability
Basics of data analysis with exponential data/noise?
What is the difference between Exploratory Factor Analysis and Principal Components Analysis (PCA)?
What are the differences among latent semantic analysis (LSA), latent semantic indexing (LSI), and singular value decomposition (SVD)?
How to add weight to data in descriptive statistics?
Uncertainty on zero counts for binned result
How can one extract meaningful factors from a sparse matrix?
Confidence interval for Bernoulli sampling
What programming language for statistical inference?
F-test for Lack-of-Fit in SPSS
Randomized SVD and singular values
Amoeba Interview Question
Symbolic computation in R?
How to add periodic component to linear regression model?
Can constrained optimization techniques be applied to unconstrained problems?
Comparison of Slice sampling and Gibbs sampling
Proof that CRF models and logistic models are convex functions
How to predict and optimize a queue?
Modeling a gamma-mixture waiting model in BUGS
Methodology for data transform that best fits normal
Informative censoring caused by cesarean section
How to use CDF and PDF statistics for analysis
Resources for learning statistics - exercises (with solutions), available online?
Why do I get equal AIC, BIC and log likelihood for different models in LME framework?
What are the sharpest known tail bounds for $\chi_k^2$ distributed variables?
Is there an unpaired version of the sign test?
Why does the McNemar's test use chi-square and not the normal distribution?
Automatically produce summary by factor variable in R
Better Classification of default in logistic regression
Logistic Regression: Transforming Variables
Logistic Regression: Classification Tables a la SPSS in R
Alternative to the Wilcoxon test when the distribution isn't continuous?
Whether to use factor analysis based on binary multiple response data?
How to predict Ozone concentration in few years time?
Kappa for Predictive Model
Confidence interval based on time series
Efficient Empirical CDF Computation / Storage
Logistic Regression - Multicollinearity Concerns/Pitfalls
Rewriting AR model in State-Space form
How to test random effects in a multilevel model in R
Using k-fold cross-validation to test all data
degree to become a statistician
Creating plots for String type columns in R
Slack values in Data Envelopment Analysis
Aggregation-Level in AB-Tests
Getting aggregated share in R
VC dimension of SVM with polynomial kernel in $\mathbb{R^{2}}$
Effect size for interaction effect in pre-post treatment-control design
What are best practices in identifying interaction effects?
Method to reliably determine abnormal statistical values
Chi-square analog for context-dependent distributions
Interpolating the empirical cumulative function
Calculating significance of difference between two binary values on one dataset
Developing a statistical test to ascertain better fit
Can I simply remove one of two predictor variables that are highly linearly correlated?
How do you test an implementation of k-means?
R getting share of users with multiple of an element
Coordinate descent for the lasso or elastic net
LARS vs coordinate descent for the lasso
Given a control chart that shows the mean and upper/lower control limits, how do I tell if the cause of out of control points is assignable or not?
Threshold for Fisher linear classifier
Normalized standard deviation
Calculating the error of Bayes classifier analytically
Posterior expression for Gibbs sampling
How do you calculate the expectation of $\left(\sum_{i=1}^n {X_i} \right)^2$?
What is regularization in plain english?
Is interaction possible between two continuous variables?
How to diagonalize a large sparse symmetric matrix, to get the eigen values and eigenvectors?
How to fit a model to self-reported number of friend interactions over a 20 day period?
Comparison between MaxEnt, ML, Bayes and other kind of statistical inference methods
Lasso fitting by coordinate descent: open-source implementations?
Output of linear SVM model in Matlab using SVM-light
Understanding a Quantile-Quantile Plot
Asymmetry between high order and low order interaction terms
Multi-stage selection model with panel data in R
Estimating parameters of a dynamic linear model
Can AIC compare across different types of model?
Stochastic coordinate descent for $\ell_1$ regularization
What is the Unscented Kalman Filter?
Unexpected under-dispersion in Perl simulations of Poisson RV
How can I change the title of a legend in ggplot2?
Bias for kernel density estimator (periodic case)
Quantile-Quantile Plot with Unknown Distribution?
What are the advantages / disadvantages of using splines, smoothed splines, and gaussian process emulators?
Central Limit Theorem Tails
Modelling dependence between random variables
How to test if the slopes in the linear model are equal to a fixed value?
What is the difference between data mining, statistics, machine learning and AI?
Can covariates in a Cox Proportional Hazard model be combined in any meaningful way?
What are the ANOVA's benefits over a normal linear model?
Theoretical results for cross-validation estimation of classification accuracy?
Calculate ROC curve for data
Hinge loss with one-vs-all classifier
In a linear regression whose components can also be broken down, is it better to do multi-layered regression, or flatten to final components?
Wavelet auto correlation
Can we estimate the size of a subset X of a set A, by randomly sampling subsets of A?
Is there a mathematical model that distinguishes between volatility and trend?
Computing the decision boundary of a linear SVM model
Is there any relation between Power Law and Negative Binomial distribution?
Geometric circle fitting with known radius
How can I find the best linear combination of a set of matrices to approximate a target matrix?
Maximizing probability of winning on loaded coin
Stacked bar plot
Hit and run MCMC
Confidence-intervals for conditions tested with a mixed-effects model
Compare rank orders of population members across different variables
Java library for Bayesian Networks
Generalization of the Signal-Noise ratio for non-Gaussian processes
Use coefficients of thin plate regression splines in a clustering method
Gaussian state space forecasting with regression effects
How to calculate sample size for simulation in order to assert some level of goodness in my results?
Statistical validation of RandomForest models
How to assess overfitting?
Random walk data post processing
(Mahalanobis) distance to a multivariate distribution of which I have few sample points
Minimization of a function by Metropolis-Hastings algorithms
Nonparametric sign test for correlated variables
Seeking a distribution, perhaps uncommon, consistent with two data points and expert constraints?
Most famous statisticians
Square root of inverse gamma distribution?
Boxplots as tables
Interpretation of R's lm() output
When do you consider a variable is a latent variable?
Appropriate test for multivariate experiment result with unknown distributions
Finding the mode of a function by MCMC sampling
Determining trend significance in a time series
Choosing the right threshold for a biometric trait authentication system
Missing values in survival analysis
Explanation of finite correction factor
Correction due to rounding error
Nonparametric Bayesian analysis in R
Sampling covariance matrix using Gibbs sampling
Testing paired frequencies for independence
Is taking the median of a set of percentages statistically sound?
Resources for learning about spurious time series regression
Estimating distribution parameters from few data points
Removing factors from a 3-way ANOVA table
Using R2WinBUGS, how to extract information from each chain?
Getting started with time series in R
Order of the kernel for periodic case
How to draw funnel plot using ggplot2 in R?
Why use Platt's scaling?
What type of statistical analysis solves this problem?
Likelihood function of DSGE model using Kalman filter
Yates' continuity correction in confidence interval returned by prop.test
Sampling from bivariate distribution with known density using MCMC
Discerning between two different linear regression models in one sample
How do you calculate simple statistics for left censored data in R?
How to do meta-regression analysis with SPSS?
Image compression by ML techniques
Expectation of $\left(X-M\right)^T\left(X-M\right)\left(X-M\right)^T\left(X-M\right)$
Is sample kurtosis hopelessly biased?
Visualizing the distribution of something within a very large body of data
What is the expected correlation between residual and the dependent variable?
Strategy for editing comma separated value (CSV) files
How to calculate the probability for pattern that violates control chart rules to occur?
Simple, reliable, open, and interoperable plain text format for storing data
Multiple comparisons on a mixed effects model
How do I get the number of rows of a data.frame in R?
Calculating $Var\left\{(\hat{m}-m)^2\right\}$ for a univariate normal distribution
Analysis with binomial outcome and categorical predictor
Recommended method for finding archetypes or clusters
Interpreting size and direction of fixed effects in a linear mixed effect model
How to change X-axis format in plot
Two-sample test for multivariate normal distributions under the assumption that means are the same
How to visualize what ANOVA does?
Questions about antithetic variate method
Calculate median without access to raw data
Good GUI for R suitable for a beginner wanting to learn  programming in R?
Find out pseudo R square value for a Logistic Regression analysis
Data Augmentation Examples
Fixing 3 variables to find the influence of a 4th?
Why is there a difference between manually calculating a logistic regression 95% confidence interval, and using the confint() function in R?
How to re-sample an XTS time series in R?
How do I setup up repeated measures data for analysis with nlme()?
How would you deal with a bimodally distributed predictor variable in bivariate logistic regression?
Eigenvalue decomposition in matlab
What are the assumptions for applying a Tobit regression model?
Are there any conditions on the data in Fuzzy c-mean clustering?
Which test to find out best concentration (the one having maximum effect)?
Interpreting correlation from two linear mixed-effect models
How to use the LOGNORMALDIST function to generate a Cumulative Distribution Function?
Combining Probability Density Functions
How to choose nlme or lme4 R library for mixed effects models?
Brown-Forsythe and Welch f-ratios in two-way ANOVAs?
How can I efficiently model the sum of Bernoulli random variables?
Calculate Newey-West standard errors without an lm object in R
Is there a way to place a priori constraints on item difficulty under item response theory?
Logistic regression model does not converge
What does the Psi term in factor analysis signify?
Stepwise logistic regression and sampling
Backpropagation algorithm
How to compute the confidence intervals on regression coefficients in PLS?
Clustering (k-means, or otherwise) with a minimum cluster size constraint
Why would it not make sense to apply factor analysis after PCA?
What distribution should be used for the detection of out of shelf situations in a retail stores?
Normalizing rating in a group of people [finding effectiveness]
Logit with ordinal independent variables
Variance of two weighted random variables
Summary and frequency tables in JMP
Expectation of product of Gaussian random variables
References for use of symplectic geometry in statistics?
Pitfalls of linear mixed models
First R packages source code to study in preparation for writing own package
How would you filter this?
Statistical significance with sample size of 5 or less
No valid coefficients for NegBin regression
Estimate the meaningful predictors for a value in a CART model (rpart)
How do I transform the parameters of the F distribution?
Why would the results of PCA differ from a confirmatory factor analysis?
What if interaction wipes out my direct effects in regression?
R Package GBM - Bernoulli Deviance
Why does continuous Bayesian analysis seem to give this contradictory result?
What is it that a statistician does?
Removing macro-level time variance
Is there a site to post my survey to so I can get a sample representative of the population?
Statistics interview questions
DLM results looking wonky
What else can be deduced from the following class grade summary information?
Sample size calculation for study aiming to demonstrate non-inferiority of a drug
How to compute theoretical compression limit?
Factor scores from discrete, ordinal responses
Is there a quote like this from some statistician?
Normal distribution probability
Computational considerations of multinomial probit versus binomial probit
Queries on conditional logistic regression
How can one do an MCMC hypothesis test on a mixed effect regression model with random slopes?
Expected number of uniques in a non-uniformly distributed population
Get the number of parameters of a linear model
Survey Sampling: What am I missing with this plan?
Transforming arbitrary distributions to distributions on $[0,1]$
What methods can be used to specify priors from data?
For which distributions are the parameterizations in BUGS and R different?
How to prevent false positive findings with repeated correlations?
Automating model selection criteria production
How to divide ordinal set into bins?
How to estimate the likelihood function for random generator of three events?
Is there a limit function in R?
Testing if a coin is fair
Comparing regression models
Taking advantage of many pre-treatment measurements
How to build an equilibrated histogram?
Average effect across multiple linear models?
Why do people use p-values?
Statistics collaboration
How to view GBM package trees?
Methods of grouping sets of data
Modeling a birth-death process that is not memoryless
Removing outliers from asymmetric data
Two-sample permutation Kolmogorov-Smirnov tests
What is the NULL hypothesis for interaction in a two-way ANOVA?
Effect size of Spearman's rank test
p-vector and K-vector
Implementing error propagation
In Excel, how do I plot two rows against each other?
How to obtain AIC with conditional logistic regression using R?
Incremental learning for LOESS time series model
Sample size for proportions in repeated measures
R package for combining factor levels for datamining?
Does there exist a name for comparing individual grades to a set of grades?
Confidence interval of slope in linear regression
Can I trust ANOVA results for a non-normally distributed DV?
Comparing a vector of averages to a null one
SAS/IML compared to R
What is the difference between NaN and NA?
How to compare median survival between groups?
Is it o.k. to bootstrap sample of a table from its proportions - and how to do so (in R)?
Interrater reliability for events in a time series with uncertainty about event time
Can the mutual information of a cell be negative?
Finding the change point in data from a piecewise linear function
Are there bounds on the Spearman correlation of a sum of two variables?
Extrapolating the amount of data missing from the amount of data partially missing
Partialling or regressing out a categorical variable?
Multiplicative unobservable component in state space model
James-Stein estimator: How to calculate $\sigma^2$ in shrinkage factor?
Reducing false positive rate
Why supremum, not maximum in Kolmogorov-Smirnov test?
Generate random multivariate values from empirical data
Is there any library like LOESS or ARIMA in Java/C# or Python?
How can I calculate the probability of model $g_i$ given a set of $n$ models and AIC values?
Optimal stopping from an unknown distribution
If A and B are correlated with C, why are A and B not necessarily correlated?
When is it better to average observations at the same abscissa?
Look and you shall find (a correlation)
When is a deviation statistically significant?
What logistic regression is best to use?
Measure of closeness
Can I test the effect of Block in a split plot design in R?
Multiple comparisons on nested subsets of data
Can principal component analysis be applied to datasets containing a mix of continuous and categorical variables?
Odds of winning 2 trials in a row
Variance of a function of one random variable
Which kernel method gives the best probability outputs?
How to tell if the slope of a line is 0 or there is just no relationship?
Alternatives to using Coefficient of Variation to summarize a set of parameter distributions?
R-square from rpart model
Is there a bias correction for effect size in a data mining context?
Is it possible to predict the likelihood of an order of random events?
Leave-one-out cross validation and boosted regression trees
Checking factor / covariate independence in ANCOVA
Demo for bioinformatics
Help in setting up and solving a transportation / traffic problem
What is my model statement for mixed models (nlme) in R?
Kernel density estimate takes values larger than 1
Knot selection for cubic regression splines
How do I calculate and compare incidence of infection between age-groups
Statistics, war stories, data intuition
First passage time distribution in a irreducible transient discrete-time Markov chain (DTMC)
Annotating graphs in R
Cluster data points by distance between clusters
What is the connection between Kernel Logistic Regression and Smoothing Splines?
Good text for resampling?
Statistical significance (chi squared) for percentages over 100%?
Order statistics: probability random variable is k-th out of n when ordered
Forcing a set of numbers to a gaussian bell-curve
What are some alternatives to a boxplot?
Survival analysis: continuous vs discrete time
Basics of extreme values / high-water marks?
The range of non-identically distributed binomial variables
Experiment design for proportion
How to best estimate the time remaining for a variable-length questionnaire?
What is the probability of picking p primes from n random numbers?
MCMC method -- good sources
Should I re-shuffle my data?
How much information can you mine out of a name?
Number of tried for a favorable result
A basic voting system question
Confidence intervals for regression parameters: Bayesian vs. classical
What are the practical & interpretation differences between alternatives and logistic regression?
Interpreting two-sided, two-sample, Welch T-Test
Cross Validation (error generalization) after model selection
Estimating the dimension of a data set
MANOVA and correlations between dependent variables: how strong is too strong?
A measure of the flatness of log likelihood at the MLE
Odds of rolling doubles or triples given N 6-sided dice
ANOVA on binomial data
Tiny (real) datasets for giving examples in class?
Understanding SVM regression: objective function and flatness
Plotting a piecewise regression line
Understanding regressions - the role of the model
How to identify a bimodal distribution?
Should an SVM grid search show a high-accuracy region with low accuracies around?
Can you use heteroskedastic time series variables within a regression model?
How should I analyze repeated-measures individual differences experiments?
What is a good measure (or set of measures) for the difference between two sample sets?
Estimation of probability of a success in binomial distribution
Regression with an unknown dependent variable - estimating likelihood to do something
Burn-in period for random walk
Worst classifier
Analyzing the difference between two datasets where one is a subset of the other
What kinds of things can I predict with a naive Bayesian classifier?
An R function for performing searches
How to calculate likelihood for a bayesian model?
How to identify outliers in server uptime performance data?
Doing correlation on one variable vs many
R: update a graph dynamically
Estimating a distribution based on three percentiles
Effectively fitting this kind of model: $y = c_1 (x_3 - x_4) + c_2 (x_1 - x_9)$
How do I interpret Exp(B) in Cox regression?
Detect changes in time series
Random Sampling and PCA
Converting an SPSS file to a SAS file?
How to solve a case of unbalanced repeated measures?
Does this quantity related to independence have a name?
How should I handle categorical variables with multiple levels when doing backward elimination?
Problems with libRblas.so on ubuntu with rpy2
Need good material on multifractal analysis
Evaluating effect sizes of interactions in multiple regression
Discrepancy between stepwise and nominal logistic regression results in JMP
Does an unbalanced sample matter when doing logistic regression?
Classical measurement error model in R 
Akinator.com and Naive Bayes classifier
Interpretation of log likelihood and covariate significance in Cox regression
Expected values for chi-squared test on binned paired counts
R-squared result in linear regression and unexplained variance
Zero-truncated Sichel distribution in R
Testing the normality assumption for repeated measures anova? (in R)
Good way to rank/sort data that falls in the lower range
Use install.packages() to build and install all available architectures by default?
Correct way to calibrate means
Predicting a semi-deterministic process
Queueing Theory: How to estimate steady-state queue length for single queue, N servers?
Why are my constraints getting dropped?
Proving that the squares of normal rv's is Chi-square distributed
Confidence interval for success probability in negative binomial experiment
Is there a SoftMax distribution with confidence parameters?
The probability for two people to provide identical answers on survey questions
Is principal components analysis valid if the distribution(s) are Zipf like? What would be similar to PCA but suited to non gaussian data?
Simple and multiple logistic regression
Is it possible to weight survey observations to more than one distribution?
Which permutation test implementation in R to use instead of t-tests (paired and non-paired)?
Which method to use for anomaly detection?
Is a correlation analysis with Pearson's correlation and Bonferroni Method a valid approach to find correlations between two sets of data
Why do I get different heteroscedasticity robust standard errors in R when using the plm package?
How to calculate the rowMeans with some single rows in data?
What is the conjugate of the noncentral hypergeometric distribution?
Is visualization sufficient rationale for transforming data?
Time series cross section forecasting with R
Proc Calis (or TCalis) and p-values
Graph theory -- analysis and visualization
Low-pass Filter
What is the prediction error while using deming regression (weighted total least squares)
How to model pairwise preference with both strong and weak preferences?
Group vs Stacked Bar Plots
Suitable Distribution/Methodology for Estimating Data Points
Readable introduction to measure theory
Statement of result for binomial confidence intervals
Can the multiple linear correlation coefficient be negative?
Predicting number of events with 99.9% probability based on tests of four devices
Filtering a dataframe
What is the interpretation of interquartile range?
How to model prices?
How to plot decision boundary in R for logistic regression model?
Should I include an argument to request type-III sums of squares in ezANOVA?
Fitting models in R where coefficients are subject to linear restriction(s)
Wavelet analysis, scaling filter: where does the square root of 2 go to?
Interactions in Log Transformed DV
What does RMS stand for?
GLMM output interpretation (correct text)
Is it possible to prove a null hypothesis?
Representing missing data in an OpenOffice spreadsheet
Which Test do I use? ANCOVA, repeated measures, multi-way ANOVA?
Visualizing the intersections of many sets
Subsetting R time series vectors
Computing the difference between means and resolving a new/composite sample size
How can I treat blocks in a split plot design?
Postscript in R: How to remove a large left margin (on y axis)
Clustering quality measure
Increasing Exam Expected Mark
Balanced sampling for network training?
Consequence of violating independence assumption of ANOVA
How to present the gain in explained variance thanks to the correlation of Y and X?
Good introductions to time series (with R)
Steps of data analysis using logistic regression
How to use Confidence Intervals to find the true mean within a percentage
Threshold models and flu epidemic recognition
Interaction between ordinal and categorical factor
What is behind Google Prediction API?
Use Empirical CDF vs Distribution CDF?
What is the sum of squared t variates?
Are there statistical lessons from the Bible Code episode
Article about misuse of statistical method in NYTimes
Statistical test for positive and negative predictive value
Is it valid to analyze signal detection data without employing metrics derived from signal detection theory?
When is Nearest Neighbor meaningful, today?
When is the shrinkage applied in Friedman's stochastic gradient boosting machine?
Do likelihood ratios and Bayesian model comparison provide superior & sufficient alternatives to null-hypothesis testing?
Estimating probability distribution function of a data stream
Assessing significance of correlation
Interpreting interactions between two treatments
Combining auto.arima() and ets() from the forecast package
When to log transform a time series before fitting an ARIMA model
Subsets not significantly different but superset is
Splitting one variable according to bins from another variable
PCA Based Filtering but only filter out small values
ANOVA assumption normality/normal distribution of residuals
Can I use multiple regression when I have mixed categorical and continuous predictors?
R package for symbolic data analysis
Help understand kNN for multi-dimensional data
Weight a rating system to favor items rated highly by more people over items rated highly by fewer people?
Making square-root of covariance matrix positive-definite (Matlab)
Non-informative priors for the AR(1) model
Test for interaction contrasts using Prism or R
Can we get confidence intervals for entries in stationary vector for an absorbing, time-independent Markov chain?
Resources for learning to use (/create) dynamic (/interactive) statistical visualization
Arranging hourly data for several years
How to prove that Elo rating or Page ranking have a meaning for my set?
How to optimize my R script in order to use multicore
Statistics and econometrics distance learning
Sample selection and variation in the variable of interest when using panel data
Where to start in estimating the days until payment of an invoice?
Non-parametric regression
ROC plot for continuous data in R
Measuring Regression to the Mean in Hitting Home Runs
Reliability of mean of standard deviations
Free tools on Linux for multivariate logistic regression?
Rating system taking account of number of votes
What are the breakthroughs in Statistics of the past 15 years?
Approximate a poisson binomial distribution with a binomial distribution?
Quantile extrapolation?
Regression with repeated data
Question on AIC and stepAIC
Can statistical prediction be asymmetric?
Continuity correction for Pearson and McNemar's chi-square test
How to fix the threshold for statistical validity of p-values produced by ANOVAs?
Is it possible to do meta analysis of only two studies
How many lags to use in the Ljung-Box test of a time series?
In which case does FCM membership converge to 1/K?
What software is used for maps of the US (or other arbitrary areas)?
Requirements to perform a two-way factorial ANCOVA
Simple linear model with autocorrelated errors in R
R examples for Durbin & Koopman Time Series Analysis by State Space Methods
How to interpret a three-way ANOVA?
Interpretation of the p-values produced by Levene's or Bartlett's test for homogeneity of variances
How to measure/rank variable importance when using CART? (specifically using {rpart} from R)
How can I make a continuous distribution out of simulation results in R?
Consequence of ignoring the order of a categorical variable with different levels in logistic regression
Merging spatial and temporal clusters
Problem with casewise list in logistic regression
Lagged Exogenous Variables in VECM with R
What's a good prior distribution for degrees of freedom in a t distribution?
Weakly informative prior distributions for scale parameters
Seeking certain type of ARIMA explanation
How do extreme values scale with sample size?
LASSO assumptions
Likelihood ratio test in R
Predicting daily electricity load - fitting time series
Problem of two highly correlated continuous variables in a mixed effects model
Ideas for Segmenting Audio Data
Statistical landscape
What does averaging do for the noise level of my signal
Modeling vacancy rate
Maximum likelihood and sufficient statistics
How can I plot this simple graph (Refer Image) in R?
How do I calculate a weighted standard deviation? In Excel?
Does a within-subjects factor with unequally represented levels mess up a repeated-measures ANOVA?
Mathematician wants the equivalent knowledge to a quality stats degree
How do calculate Present Value in Google Spreadsheet?
Predicting from a simple linear model with lags in R
Likelihood at MLE and transformations, the multivariate normal case
Reading random text file in R
Getting started on BUGS, need help implementing a simple model
How can one plot continuous by continuous interactions in ggplot2?
Test for independence, when I'm missing one bin of a 2x2 contingency
Collapsing categorical data easily for regression in R
80% of missing data in a single variable
Should a multiple choice poll contain a neutral response?
What types of analysis are appropriate for demographic time series data?
How to do primary component analysis on multi-mode data with non-orthogonal primary components?
Investigate ratios between two groups
Statistical test for multiple biological replicates
Derivative of a linear model
What is Deviance? (specifically in CART/rpart)
Conducting planned comparisons in mixed model using lmer
How can I estimate the density of a zero-inflated parameter in R?
Multiple hypothesis ANOVA
Calibrating a multi-class boosted classifier
What is the hardest statistical concept to grasp?
Correcting for multiple comparisons when running a bivariate correlation in SPSS
How to do a repeated measures multinomial logistic regression using SPSS?
Error in cor(y): allocMatrix: too many elements specified
Probability of getting between
Detecting abnormal points in point cloud
What temporal resolution for time series significance test?
Probability calculation, system uptime, likelihood of occurence
Constrained versus unconstrained formulation of SVM optimisation
Composite dependent variable
How should I compare average store sales change across time?
Limiting distribution of a squared sum of random variables
What is the closed form solution for the inverse CDF for Epanechnikov
Sampling and confidence calculations
Poisson process, time and probabilities
What, precisely, is a confidence interval?
Logistic Regression and Dataset Structure
How do I know which method of parameter estimation to choose?
Median entropy to observe evolution of system?
How can we compare multiple proportions from multiple independent populations to evaluate implementation of a treatment?
Prerequisite for conversion from odds ratio to relative risk to be valid
Statistical test for trend (continuous variable) in Stata or R
How can I convert kernel quantiles into sample quantiles?
Which is the formula from Silverman to calculate the bandwidth in a kernel density estimation?
Need to convert duplicate column elements to a unique element in R
How can one use the predict function on a lm object where the IVs have been dynamically scaled?
Sane stepwise regression?
What is the difference between Rf_dpois in Rmath.h and the dpois that I use directly in R?
How do you compute the annual standard error of a regression model when the model itself is based on monthly observations?
Predict after running the mlogit function in R
Choice of weight function in Moran's I
How do I generate a QQ-Plot for data fitted using fitdistr?
A systematic part of a random time series component?
Can someone help me understand what type of problem I am looking at? Not sure if this classifies as hypothesis-testing
Estimation of exponential model
Regression selection using all possible subsets selection and automatic selection techniques
Pick a random item with the help of an array of cumulative probabilities
Understanding the parameters inside the Negative Binomial Distribution
Using Singular Value Decomposition to Compute Variance Covariance Matrix from linear regression model
Picking random elements from a list – still random if they are reinserted at the end?
Difference between ridge regression implementation in R and SAS
Properties of Battacharyya distance vs Kullback-Leibler divergence
Alternative ways for interpretation of odds
Get distribution curve characteristics by selecting peak point?
Predicting long-memory processes
Correlation of two 1d point processes with non-uniform unconditional distribution
When to use Equal-Frequency-Histograms
What should I do to compare different sets of data?
Reading in SVM files in R (libsvm)
1-step-ahead predictions with dynlm R package
Removing duplicated rows from R data frame
Probability of at least one unique outcome
Statistically group chemical batches
Expected number of runs of length n in coin toss
How to compute Confidence Interval associated to a Binomial proportion's increase?
Geostatistical analysis using spatial.exp in WinBugs
Understanding expectation maximization for simple 2 linear mixture case
How should I deal with features with time related values in Bayesian network?
Plotting binomial proportions on a box & whiskers plot using R
How to calculate Zipf's law coefficient from a set of top frequencies?
Failure detection method
Assessing conditional independence of genes in Trans-eQTL cluster
How to compare Likert scales with varying number of categories across time?
Setting up Sweave, R, Latex, Eclipse StatET
Least angle regression keeps the correlations monotonically decreasing and tied?
Objective measure of relaxation time towards equilibrium for a time series
Concept of a random linear model
Splitting a numeric column for a dataframe
Making sense out of statistics theory and applications
Building MATLAB and R interfaces to Ross Quinlan's C5.0
Kullback-Leibler divergence - interpretation
Optimizing the ending rule of gradient method
Statistical analysis of mutant proteins sequences
Calculating and interpreting effect sizes for interaction terms
Efficient way to populate matrix in R?
How should I design a database for multi-year data analysis with JMP?
What are the major machine learning theories that maybe used by Twitter for suggesting followers?
Exploratory analysis of spatio-temporal forecast errors
Estimate the Kullback-Leibler divergence
Simulate Arellano-Bond
3d Kolmogorov-Smirnov test
Correlation of log-normal random variables
cforest and randomForest classification prediction error
Aggregating results from linear model runs R
Fill colors in Gnuplot
Split-Plot ANOVA: model comparison tests in R
Fitting normal distribution to given quantiles
Censoring/Truncation in JAGS
Exponential weighted moving skewness/kurtosis
What university level statistics courses are considered advanced/hard?
Displaying regression results in MATLAB
How to find the best input value for this simple problem?
Plotting a heatmap given a dendrogram and a distance matrix in R
What is a good statistical test for independent replicates?
Best distance measure to use
If correlation between two variables is affected by a factor, how should I evaluate this correlation?
Kavosh uses a different switching process in its MCMC; how concerned should I be?
An adaptation of the Kullback-Leibler distance?
How could a Tukey HSD test be more signif then the uncorrected P value of t.test?
Is median fairer than mean?
Is every blue t-shirted person a systematic sample?
Efficient online linear regression
How can I speed up calculation of the fixed effects in a GLMM?
How to detect patterns between fields of a distribution in SPSS?
Calculating p-value from an arbitrary distribution
zscore function in R
Minimum tickets required for specified probability of winning lottery
How do you solve a Poisson process problem
Any good reference books/material to help me build a txn level fraud detection model?
How to do a logistic regression with the results of different factor analysis methods
The code variable in the nlm() function
Getting rid of file download warning in SAS
How to interpret ADF-test optimal lag model reduction?
Simulation of ARIMA (1,1,0) series
What is the expected value of modified Dirichlet distribution? (integration problem)
How to pull data formatted for Matlab into R?
Why continue to teach and use hypothesis testing?
Aggregating results from Arima runs R
Function timings in the Matrix package
Normal distribution and weight of babies problem
What is the right statistical test to use when attesting claims like 60% people switched over from group A to group B?
Creating groups with multi-dimensional data?
Documented/reproducible examples of successful real-world applications of econometric methods?
Online, scalable statistical methods
Logarithmic regression with individual errors
How do I fit a multilevel model for over-dispersed poisson outcomes? 
Repeated measures using R
Means and imputation of log-normal variables
Calculating required sample size, precision of variance estimate?
Statistical Analysis for Perception Survey
Seeing if estimators are unbiased
Normal distribution necessary to assess moderating and mediating effects?
Log-scale with concentrated data using integers
Bayesian inference for multinomial distribution with asymmetric prior knowledge?
Parameter estimation for normal distribution in Java
Does the distribution $\log(1 + x^{-2}) / 2\pi$ have a name?
Effect of missing data and outliers on least square estimation
Number of trials required from a binomial distribution to get the desired odds
Egger’s linear regression method intercept in meta analysis
How to obtain in R a good formula for glm (general linear models) to predict a binomial variable?
Matlab image blending
When is interactive data visualization useful to use?
Using poisson regression for continuous data?
Question about combining hazard ratios - Maybe Simpson's paradox?
Meta-analysis of 3 regions' data for 5 years
Error creating parser in readHTMLTable
GLMNET or LARS for computing LASSO solutions?
How to quantify redundancy of features?
How can I effectively summarize and visualize time series of employee activities?
Binomial Probability Question
Is it possible to correct for violating the assumption of independence for nonparametric tests?
What is a white noise process?
Formal statistical test for whether a process is a white noise
Analysis of covariance in R
Justifying normal approximation of experimental data
Is there a standard format for presenting a data analysis report based on a questionnaire?
Probability formula for a multivariate-bernoulli distribution
Generating survival times in days or in years
Spline function with unknown knots
Validating an existing questionnaire into another language
Bayesian additive regression trees (BART) for classification analysis of gene expression data
Non-linear regression fails to converge, but fit appears good
Compression theory, practice, for time series with values in a space of distributions (say of a real random variable)
Difference between longitudinal design and time series
PCA for images/arrays with high dimensionality?
When and how to use standardized explanatory variables in linear regression
Semantic distance between excerpts of text
Dissimilarity rating experiment: how to analyze the results
Should percentages have decimal places?
Is there an anova procedure that doesn't assume equal variance?
Accommodating entrenched views of p-values
Can causality be inferred in a study with an experience followed by two sets of measures
Location test under a bounded non-stationarity?
Analysing wind data with R
How should you handle cell values equal to zero in a contingency table?
Book on designing clinical trials in oncology
Rigorous definition of an outlier?
Difference between two slopes
Computing platform for R: System76 Linux laptop with dual core i5 or quad core i7?
Change of variable with non bijective function
A resource on concepts underlying statistics, not the techniques used in applied stats
General approaches to model car traffic in a parking garage
When/why should rabbit ears hunting density estimation work?
How to decide between a logistic regression or conditional logistic regression?
Understanding comparisons of clustering results
Propagation of large errors
Resources for beginners - how to determine probability of user action based on certain criteria?
Multiple regression with small data sets
What is the difference between using aov() and lme() in analyzing a longitudinal dataset?
Statistical test for difference in categorization method
Appropriate test to compare online voting data
Calculating confidence interval for average hospital length of stay, case-mix adjusted, in R
Evaluate definite interval of normal distribution
Regression with Pooled data in SPSS
ROC vs precision-and-recall curves
Can one use Cohen's Kappa for two judgements only?
How much undersampling should be done?
What are the text-mining packages for R and are there other open source text-mining programs?
Distribution of sample correlation
GLM after model selection or regularization
Detecting a given face in a database of facial images
Estimating R-squared and statistical significance from penalized regression model
Multistage sampling in R
MATLAB interpretation of xcorr2 cross correlation function
JAGS: posterior predictive distribution
Proportion of explained variance in a mixed-effects model
Poisson distribution and statistical significance
Normalized sigmoid loss function for boosting?
Interactive decision trees
Using the stats package in R for kmeans clustering
How to make a combination (aggregation) of quantile forecast?
Which one should be applied first: data sampling or dimensionality reduction?
Learning weights in a Boltzmann machine
Information content of examples and undersampling
Combine multiple boxplots in a lattice
General Linear Model vs. Generalized Linear Model (with an identity link function?)
Difference between the terms 'joint distribution' and 'multivariate distribution'?
How to aggregate by minute data for a week into hourly means?
How to calculate centrality measures in a 4 million edge network using R?
Hellwig's method of selection of variables
Finding the Moment Generating Function of Chi-Squared Dist
Is there any difference between the terms paired t-test and pairwise t-test?
From an email address to a quasi-random number
Can I change the proposal distribution in random-walk MH MCMC without affecting Markovianity?
How do you choose a unit of analysis (level of aggregation) in a time series?
Determinant perturbation approximation
What should be the optimal parameters for Random Forest classifier?
Noise in the Fourier transform
Software for ML/NLP/DM laboratory
Mean and Median properties
Can the empirical Hessian of an M-estimator be indefinite?
Closest distance in hypernym tree as measure of semantic distance between phrases
How can I represent Conditional Probability Table based Bayesian Networks in Winbugs?
Setting knots in natural cubic splines in R
Which non-parametric test can I use to identify significant interactions of independent variables?
Two sample t-test for data (maybe time series) with autocorrelation?
Determining whether a group of spatially extensive data is centered around one point in space
What does plotting residuals from one regression against the residuals from another regression give us?
Checking the distribution of classes in a sample of a dataset
Rotation matrices and prior invariance for arbitrary dimensions
RNG, R, mclapply and cluster of computers
How to correct uneven sampling distribution when calculating the mean?
How to graphically compare predicted and actual values from multivariate regression in R?
More efficient plot functions in R when millions of points are present?
Bayesian statistics tutorial
Manually calculated $R^2$ doesn't match up with randomForest() $R^2$ for testing new data
C++ libraries for statistical computing
Orwin's fail safe N test
Factor models with small noises
Is z-score meaningful in classification or regression?
How to store checks of gradient algorithm in a matrix using R?
Does correlation assume stationarity of data?
What is this measure of error?
R/Stata package for zero-truncated negative binomial GEE?
How to check if modified genetic algorithm is significantly better than the original?
Kolmogorov-Smirnov and lattice paths
How to estimate a critical value of Spearman's correlation for n=100?
How to assess the similarity of two histograms?
How do I find the probability of a type II error?
Measuring and analyzing sample complexity
Sampling from a fixed population
Where can I get real data of big network topology?
How to make representative sample set from a large overall dataset?
Getting started with biclustering
Calculating hourly volatility and peak-to-average ratio in R
Egger's test in SPSS
Computing chi-square for large tables with some expected cell counts equal to zero
Creating a uniform prior on the logarithmic scale
Is automatic linear modelling in SPSS a good or bad thing?
How to calculate margin of error in linear regression?
How to change data between wide and long formats in R?
KL divergence between two univariate Gaussians
Root mean square vs average absolute deviation?
How to estimate parameters for Zipf truncated distribution from a data sample?
The connection between Bayesian statistics and generative modeling
How to stop excel from changing a range when you drag a formula down?
Sequential clustering algorithm
Quality assurance and quality control (QA/QC) guidelines for a database
Can the standard deviation be calculated for harmonic mean?
Entering variables in multivariate logistic regression and running regression across two groups
Alternative funnel plot, without using standard error (SE)
How to compare outcomes from single variable experiment?
How to use variables derived from factor analysis as predictors in logistic regression?
Accuracy of advanced parametric methods compared to kNN method
Identifiability of a random effect in an additive model
How to test for statistical significance of regression coefficients in multivariate multiple regression?
Fisher information matrix for the Dirichlet distribution
Is a vague prior the same as a non-informative prior?
Which type of statistical information will need Error Bar charts for presentation?
Moving from conversion rates to sales volume in A/B tests
Power analysis for survival analysis
Construct probability that measurement belongs to one of two sets
Zero inflated correlation
How to use weights in function lm in R?
What are some techniques for sampling two correlated random variables?
How to pass character strings to R from IML Studio
Why are Jeffreys priors considered noninformative?
Subjects with different order of magnitude values in panel data
How do I introduce features and their confidence values into classifiers
Change point analysis using R's nls()
Alternative Egger's test, without using standard error
Multiple regression with binary predictors. Component value analysis
How to choose number of lags in ARCH models using ARCH LM test?
How do you determine if a particular cell of an i x j contingency table is statistically significant among all other cells?
Strategy for deciding appropriate model for count data
How to perform goodness of fit test and how  to assign probability with uniform distribution?
What is the default covariance structure in glmer and can I change it?
Inverse logistic regression vs. repeated-measures vs. latent class?
Singular information matrix error in lrm.fit in R
How to express error as a percentage?
How to do meta-regression in SPSS?
The difference between linear SVM and other linear classifiers?
Simple post-stratification weights in R
Testing statistical software
Self-organizing maps: fuzzy input?
How to apply a Kalman filter to use both previous and future measurements of a random variable?
How to model zero inflated, over dispersed poisson time series?
What is the relation between estimator and estimate?
How to calculate barometric pressure trend?
How to search for a statistical procedure in R?
Estimating occupancy rates from arrival rates
How to get summary statistics from resistant regression - lqs - in R?
Interpreting significance of predictor vs significance of predictor coeffs in multinomial logistic regression
Single model for a different data set
What does it mean if there is a correlation between underlying factors in factor analysis?
Boundary effect in a wavelet multi resolution analysis
Top five classifiers to try first
Building Cox Model using forward likelihood-ratio testing - Appropriateness of adding continuous variables to model?
Do correlations relate to PCA eigenvectors and can PCA be used for clustering?
White box machine learning probability estimator
Main effect of the first independent variable in two-way ANOVa lost depending on the second independent variable
How to interpret results from a zero-inflated negative binomial model?
Clustering: Should I use the Jensen-Shannon Divergence or its square?
Problem calculating joint and marginal distribution of two uniform distributions
Multinomial distribution for 4 side dice roll
Calculating predicted values from categorical predictors in logistic regression
Doing statistical analysis and charting with large data?
Methods for fitting a simple measurement error model
Does anyone use the web based spreadsheet EditGrid.com?
Spam filtering using naive Bayesian classifiers with the e1071/klaR package on R
How to assess whether a set of cells all have a specified value in Excel
In relation to clinical trials, what is clinical reasoning in contrast to statistical reasoning?
Does a psychological scale need to be revalidated after reducing the number of response options from 9 to 4?
Is there a name for the kernel principle?
Stopping condition for least-angle regression
What should I know about designing a good Hybrid/Hamiltonian Monte Carlo algorithm?
Analyzing a 2x3 repeated measures design using a logit mixed model
Should I be concerned if the cells of values obtained from bootstrapping are correlated?
Am I specifying my lmer model correctly?
Is there a way to compute diversity in a population?
Methods for merging / reducing categories in ordinal or nominal data?
Bayes rule and gaussian PDF
Books with good coverage of joint distributions, multivariate statistics, etc?
How to check which model is better in state space time series analysis?
Understanding the Pareto distribution as applied to wealth
Output layer of artificial neural networks when learning non-linear functions with limited value range
What to do with negative Chow test?
Adjusting for Confounding Variables
What is the magnitude of bias in censored regression when OLS is applied?
How do I vectorize calls to dpois?
Interater reliability
How to choose a good operation point from precision recall curves?
Plotting Multiple Proportions With Standard Error
How to understand output from R's polr function (ordered logistic regression)?
Scalable multinomial regression implementation
Pivotal quantities, test statistics and hypothesis tests
How to correlate two time series with gaps and different time bases?
What are the software limitations in all possible subsets selection in regression? 
Calculate Cross Correlation of two matrices of the 'Values Vs. Time' representation
Suggestions for improving a probability and statistics cheat sheet
Bayesian vs Maximum entropy
Algebraic definition of a residual from a regression
Terminology question concerning regression
Changes in the regression coefficient
How to calculate the difference of two standard deviations?
Data normalization and standardization in neural networks
On connection weights in an Artificial Neural Network
Residualized Coefficient Using Solely Variances and Covariances
Curious Sample Correlation Property
Meta-analysis in R, using metafor package
How to handle non existent (not missing) data?
How do I calculate the effect size for the Kolmogorov-Smirnov Z statistic?
Is it possible to fit a multivariate regression model where the independent variable is latent?
What is a tight lower bound on the coupon collector time?
R implementation of coefficient of partial determination
Overall type I error when repeatedly testing accumulating data
What to do following poor fit statistics for a confirmatory factor analysis?
Measuring correlation of trained neural networks
Logistic regression with directional data as IV
Assessing the representativeness of population sampling
How to replicate large well powered mixed effects model with a smaller sample?
How to determine statistical validity of results
Can I estimate the frequency of an event based on random samplings of its occurrence?
How to obtain the values used in plot.gam in mgcv?
Is there a method to find what is a good sample size for a VAR-model?
Tutorial for using R to do multivariate regression?
Correlation between two nodes of a single layer MLP for joint-Gaussian input
Simple similarity metric
What is the median of a non-central t distribution?
Adjusting sample weights in AdaBoost
What skills are required to perform large scale statistical analyses?
Example of discontinous effect of x on y dataset (for paper)
How to do ANOVA on data which is still not normal after transformations?
Computing confidence intervals for prevalence for several types of infection
How to generate user-friendly summaries of cluster analysis?
Derivation of distance in two-step clustering
Feature selection for classification, controlling for sub-population
In regression analysis what's the difference between data-generation process and model?
Percent error or percent difference? 
Best way to put two histograms on same scale?
Calculating proportions by age in R
Justification of one-tailed hypothesis testing
Visualizing a million, PCA edition
What is the power of the Ljung-Box Test for auto-correlation?
Building a classification rule for geographical mapping of cell phone number
What statistical technique would be appropriate for optimising the weights?
Discussing binomial regression and modeling strategies
Interpreting range bars in R's plot.stl?
How to compute prediction error from Relevance Vector Machine and Gaussian Process Regression? 
Fast ways in R to get the first row of a data frame grouped by an identifier
How to transform data to have a new mean and maximum value?
Max-margin clustering with size constraint
ROC surfaces in R
Best methods of feature selection for nonparametric regression
Complex regression plot in R
Generate random strings based on regular expressions in R
How to calculate confidence interval when only a part of the samples are valid?
Detecting patterns of cheating on a multi-question exam
Mahalanobis distance between two bivariate distributions with different covariances
Efficient way to classify with SVM
How are zero values handled in lm()?
How can I compare Likert scale data of two clusters in SPSS?
Scrambling and correlation in low discrepancy sequences (Halton/Sobol)
Understanding the k lag in R's augmented Dickey Fuller test
What are disadvantages of using the lasso for variable selection for regression?
Gaussian kernel estimator as Nadaraya-Watson estimator?
What is tied data in the context of a rank correlation coefficient?
What correlation coefficient and graph is appropriate with this data?
When is it ok to remove the intercept in lm()?
Do two variables need to be independent in order to obtain a correlation?
How to create coloured tables with Sweave and xtable?
The usage of Newton's method in nonlinear regression
Why are fitted.values not part the R object returned from arima?
Algorithm to dynamically monitor quantiles
Equations in the news: Translating a multi-level model to a general audience
How to quickly sample X if exp(X) ~ Gamma?
Principal components of spatial variables
Incremental one-way ANOVA
What to make of explanatories in time series?
Can we compute bivariate from marginal distributions?
How to generate uniformly distributed points on the surface of the 3-d unit sphere?
Unbiased estimator for the smaller of two random variables
Binary classification when many binary features are missing
Optimal stopping under partially observable state
Determining the nature of noise
What is the expected dot product of two evolving vectors?
Linear discriminant analysis and the kernel trick?
What is a good way of estimating the dependence of an output variable on the input parameters?
How to efficiently repeat a function on a data set in R?
Proper way of using recurrent neural network for time series analysis
ANOVA and multiple testing correction in gene screening
Hypothesis testing on values that are functions of multiple distributions
Fitting a GARCH(1,1) model
How to estimate time-per-product in a factory?
Minimal number of samples/conversions for statistical validity
Dual problem for L2 support vector machine
Error of a quantity computed from a time series
How to do a 'beer and diapers' correlation analysis
Treatment of outliers produced by Kurtosis
Averaging correlation values
How to generate uniformly distributed points in the 3-d unit ball?
What are correct values for precision and recall when the denominators equal 0?
Pivot functions
How to implement formula for a independent groups t-test in C#?
How to find percentiles of a Normal distribution?
Proofreading lots of documents based on small sample
Use a trendline formula to get values for any given X with Excel
Should the mean precision and recall be weighted?
Resources for an R user who must learn SAS
2x2 chi-square test vs. binomial proportion statistic
How to use DLM with Kalman filtering for forecasting
How to choose number of dummy variables when encoding several categorical variables?
Discrepancy measures for transition matrices
Measuring linear correlation of non-normally distributed variables
How to choose between Pearson and Spearman correlation?
Choosing sample size to achieve pre-specified margin-of-error 
Is it true that horizontal and vertical bar charts are in different length for human eye?
Why is Stata automatically converting regressors to instrumental variables in ivprobit model?
One-sample-dispersion-test for Poisson parameter
Hidden states in hidden conditional random fields
Assessing multicollinearity of dichotomous predictor variables
Why doesn't recall take into account true negatives?
How to visualize the true dimensionality of the data?
How to calculate confidence interval of the mean age of a sample?
Distribution of a random segment on a string
What is a good reference that discusses the problem of common support?
Why is a $p(\sigma^2)\sim\text{IG(0.001, 0.001)}$ prior on variance considered weak?
What is the significance of logistic regression coefficients?
How do I interpret the results of a Breusch–Pagan test?
The estimated logarithm of the hazard ratio is approximately normally distributed
Does Cox Regression have an underlying Poisson distribution?
Jags error with dgamma
How to calculate the hat matrix for logistic regression in R?
Sample size required to determine which of a set of advertisements has the highest click through rate
Intuitive explanation of Gauss-Newton regression
Dummy variable trap issues
How to add horizontal lines to ggplot2 boxplot?
Is there an analytic form for the Hellinger distance between von Mises distributions?
How do you tell whether good performances come in streaks?
McNemar's test implementation in Java
How can I efficiently approximate the sum of Bernoulli random variables for any number of summands in partial sum?
Assumptions of cluster analysis
Dynamic estimation of required sample size in R
Quantile transformation in R
Multiple imputation for clustered data
Assessing DNA sequencing quality
Generating random vectors with constraints
The relationship between machine learning, data mining and statistical analysis?
How to create one score from a mixed set of positive and negative variables?
Testing two I(1) vectors for a relationship
Test for the effect of UN ratification on corruption in a set of countries
How to identify invalid online survey responses?
Statistical project directory structure with multiple languages (e.g., R and Splus)?
Bayes classifier
Post hoc comparison in two way ANOVA with covariate using R
Kernel PCA for LSI using R
Most powerful GoF test for normality
Correlation terminology in time series analysis
How to assess effect of intervention in one state versus another using annual death rate data?
Hypothesis test for whether correlation coefficient is greater than specified value?
Why is the null hypothesis always a point value rather than a range in hypothesis testing?
Learning from unordered tuples?
Factor analysis: regression equation and residuals
Labeling boxplots in R
Detect circular patterns in point cloud data
References on semi-supervised LDA
Computer game datasets
How to summarize data by group in R?
What is an example of a chi-squared distribution?
How to find relationships between different types of events (defined by their 2D location)?
Logic behind the ANOVA F-test in simple linear regression
Introductory statistics video courses for social scientists
Estimate the nearest of N random points in a box in E^d?
Plotting sparklines in R
Program to compute partial derivatives
Using QDA for Non-Gaussian distributions
The use of median polish for feature selection
Choose factor level as dummy base in lm() in R
Detecting reflection in non-orthogonal rotation
Is the matrix dimension important for performing a valid PCA?
Advice on classifier input correlation
Help on subsetting data frames using multiple logical operators in R
How to set up a two-way mixed ANOVA with a covariate  in SPSS?
What is the probability that a normal distribution with infinite variance has a value greater than its mean?
Help with deploying a model
How to assess drug effects using annual death rate data?
What is the right name for the variant of the Kolmogorov-Smirnov statistic that retains the sign of the difference?
Fitting 4-moment distribution with mixture gaussian
Normalizing data between 0 and 1
Indicators of disease
How should I measure the relationship between a variable containing text and a binomial variable?
Clustered standard errors and multi-level models
Looking for stats/probability practice problems with data and solutions
Relationship between MDL and difficulty of learning from data
Correlation analysis and correcting $p$-values for multiple testing
How to do logistic regression subset selection?
Confidence interval for geometric mean
How to calculate regularization parameter in ridge regression given degrees of freedom and input matrix?
Fitted values for a log-normal model
Interpretation of log transformed predictors in logistic regression
Significant multiple linear regression model with non-significant betas?
How to make a matrix positive definite?
Multiple response question with duplicated answers
Chow test or not?
How to do Chow test for constancy of parameters across 2 groups
Estimating variability of unseen factor
Comparing and understanding my linear regression result with a previous attempt
Appropriate way to deal with a 3-level contingency table
Influence functions and OLS
Is Bayesian statistics genuinely an improvement over traditional (frequentist) statistics for behavioral research?
Charting errors based on number of items per month
Trend or no trend?
What is the proper ratio of mean squares for a two-level nested ANOVA?
How to draw a slope on a log-log scale in gnuplot
How to assess effect of intervention in one state versus another using annual case fatality rate?
How to visualize/summarize a matrix with number of rows $\gg$ number of columns?
Do confidence intervals apply to quota sampling?
Time series regression with overlapping data
Which correlation measure should be used with a large gap (missing data)?
Survival Model for Predicting Churn - Time-varying predictors?
Understanding multiple regression output
Building linear model from exact variable measurements for use with noisy variable measurements
How to average quantized and truncated data?
Probability that two values drawn at random from a normal distribution are separated by at most T
How to determine course-based usage of software?
Questions about number of groups and group size in planned comparisons in ANCOVA
How to produce Theil's U with package forecast 2.16 in R? 
Particle filter in Matlab - what is going wrong?
Using MCMC to evaluate the expected value of a high-dimensional function
Counts of binned data by group
Import stock price from Yahoo Finance into R?
Short and long-run trend
How can I specify a level of a factor while in an lme?
Bayesian classifier with multivariate normal densities
Examples of visualization featuring comparisons between countries?
Bias from increased information in FLAME clustering
Comparing an LME to a LM
Interactions between non-linear predictors
Logistic regression for bounds different from 0 and 1
Validating a paper questionnaire in a web-based format
How to produce a CI for a value predicted in CART?
What kind of distribution is this?
Visualizing change in risk ratio along with confidence limits
Can you use $R^2$ and regression to estimate cause and effect?
Combining probabilities of nuclear accidents
Excel xy chart with unequal x values in series
Does this de-noising algorithm have a name?
What's a good, generic name for chart of things by time of day?
Standardized Student's-t distribution
Confidence Intervals for Holdout R^2?
Can you express a probability density as a percentage?
What is the difference between Z-scores and p-values?
Expression for conditional density for ARCH processes
Analysis plan using logistic regression
A good Gibbs sampling tutorials and references
How to compare slopes between variables with different scales?
How do you calculate confidence intervals for Cohen's d?
What kind of statistical analysis should I do to aggregate these values?
Variance explained of a mixed effects model in a new data set
Combining 2 sets of coefficients, weighting one of the sets
Help in drawing confidence ellipse
Poisson regression vs. log-count least-squares regression?
How to calculate pseudo-$R^2$ from R's logistic regression?
Updating a set of estimated forecasts
Test equivalence of non-nested models
How to make a good color intensity scale?
The positive stable distribution in R
What graphical methods are useful for visualising how uncertainties aggregate?
Suggestions for embedded interactive analytical functionalities?
Is there an exact version of marginal homogeneity test?
Question about probabilistic principal component analysis
How to use/interpret empirical distribution?
Resources about Gibbs sampling in hybrid Bayesian networks
Identifying structural breaks in regression with Chow test
What do you call just the first half of a bell curve?
Testing the difference in AIC of two non-nested models
How can I rediscretize my data?
How to assess mediation effect in multinomial logistic regression?
How to deal with a specific case of unbalanced within-subjects design?
Overfit by removing misclassified objects?
How to do model selection in dynamic linear model?
Updating/ adjusting theoretical growth curves when raw data becomes available
Change of measures with Wiener process
References on numerical optimization for statisticians
What MCMC algorithms/techniques are used for discrete parameters?
Bayes classifier of two normal distributions in MATLAB
How to transition from using statistical software to understanding mathematical equations in journal articles?
When would it be appropriate to report variance instead of standard deviation?
How can I test $H_0:\sigma^2_1=\sigma^2_2$?
Examples of studies using p < 0.001, p < 0.0001 or even lower p-values?
Operations on probability distributions of continuous random variables
Monte Carlo experiment to estimate coverage probability
How are propensity scores different from adding covariates in a regression, and when are they preferred to the latter?
Column-wise matrix normalization in R
Designing a stopping rule using a hypothesis test
Decision network example
How to show differences between two univariate datasets graphically?
How to determine if a given signal is time-correlated?
Can data cleaning worsen the results of statistical analysis?
Deriving total (within class + between class) scatter matrix
Principal component analysis -- backwards?
How would life expectancy impact the calculation of disease prevalence?
What's the difference between measurement method and measurement procedure?
ANCOVA with multiple instances of the between-subject covariate
Jensen-Shannon divergence for bivariate normal distributions
Can I insert an observation (evidence) to a Winbugs model?
What's the difference between bootstrapping t-test and just using a nonparametric test?
What is standard error used for?
Spearman correlation of two Weibull distributions
How to model the relationship between number of subjects per group, derived using standard power analysis methods, and study specific parameters
Logistic Regression in R (Odds Ratio)
Need help identifying a distribution by its histogram
Chi-squared versus logistic regression
How to estimate correlation among repeated measures?
Two sets of input variables for the same unknown dependent variable
References for using networks to display correlations?
What does linear stand for in linear regression?
Linear model with random coefficient
Statistical analysis of competition data
Transposing data frames in R via unstack
AVE & composite reliability with SPSS
Parallelizing the caret package using doSMP
Boxplot with glme
Given pdf of $I$ and $R$ (both $I$ and $R$ are independent RV's), how to find pdf of $W =I^2\cdot R$?
Is there a program or app that can sort items using manual choices and deductive logic?
Estimating speed from position updates with uncertain time intervals
Performing logarithmic multiple regression with Excel?
Cointegration-based feature selection
What will be minimum variance unbiased estimator?
Comparing logistic regression coefficients across models?
Exploring data attributes
Conditional kernel density plot with R's np package
Colinearity and scaling when using k-means
How to model time-series temperature data at multiple sites as a function of data at one site?
Repeated measures with correlated measures (not time)
Number of significant figures to put in a table?
What is the term for a time series regression having more than one predictor?
Bayes Network computing conditional probabilities
Clustering procedure where each cluster has an equal number of points?
A test for assessing advertisement efficiency
Introduction to maths for a junior in epidemiology
How to choose between learning algorithms
How can I calculate the R-squared of a regression with arima errors using R?
When doing quadrat counting, how do you construct the quadrats?
Why is bias affected when a clinical trial is terminated at an early stage?
Calculating the mean using regression data
Linear behaviour of nonlinear SVM in higher dimensional space
Multiple comparisons with binary data: Hsu's MCB method
What is the difference between independence.test in R and Cochrane and Armitage trend test?
In genome wide association studies, what are principal components?
Analysis of time series with many zero values
KL divergence calculation
Comparing logistic coefficients on models with different dependent variables?
Generalized linear latent and mixed model (GLLAMM) for crossed factors
Goodness-of-fit test using Kolmogorov-Smirnov
Weighted discrete measurements of a value changing over time
Can a fair coin test be applied to a coin that often lands on its edge?
Understanding confidence interval
How do I select the number of components for independent components analysis?
How to evaluate a simple questionnaire with statistical methods?
Interpretation of   one feature change in a supervised classifier 
Cross-validating time-series analysis
Derivation of bayesian confidence interval
Jeffreys prior for geometric distribution?
Machine Learning using Python
What's a component in gaussian mixture model?
Nonparametric expected value estimation of sample from unknown distribution
Has anyone solved PTLOS exercise 4.1?
Confusion in MLE and EM
Discrete functions: Confidence interval coverage?
What does $d$ mean in this notation of the usual noninformative prior of $\mu_i$ and $\sigma_i$?
Kruskal-Wallis test data considerations
ANOVA-like test for bounded variables (percentages)
Looking for ideas to build a predictive model
Fisher information in a hierarchical model
How to calculate the p-value of parameters for ARIMA model in R?
Deriving mathematical model of pLSA
Sample size in genome-wide studies
Two-way robust ANOVA
How to perform a regression model with a mix of binary, nominal, ordinal, and continuous predictors?
Alternative to Tukey's HSD
Conditional expection of gamma distribution on sum
Central limit theorem for sum from varied distributions
Prediction of an order of vectors using partially ordered set
Data preparation for regression
How to compare the effectiveness of medical diagnostic techniques?
Comparing cosine similarities for tf-idf vectors for documents with different length
How do I use the GPML package for multi dimensional input?
What is missing from this taxonomy  of methods used in pattern recognition?
Data collection and storage for time series analysis
What free tool can I use to do simple Monte Carlo simulations on OS X?
Are there any available implementations of density or conditional density tree learning?
Is there a way to optimize regression according to a specific criterion?
Plotting multiple binhex with the same z levels
Hypothesis testing on zero-inflated continuous data
When would one want to use AdaBoost?
Excel's confidence interval function throws #NUM! when standard deviation is 0
Estimating noise correlation in augmented state vector Kalman filter
Advice on explaining heterogeneity / heteroscedasticty
Spearman's or Pearson's correlation with Likert scales where linearity and homoscedasticity may be violated
How to customize axis labels in a boxplot?
How can I determine weibull parameters from data?
How can I improve a simple regression here?
Is there a name for this type of bootstrapping?
Problems with pie charts
Remeasuring bad values
Expected value of certain exponential transformation of standard normal variable 
Approximate order statistics for normal random variables
Rank ordering and/or classification problem
Advice on identifying curve shape using quantreg
String replace in SAS?
Why local martingale property is important in Girsanov theorem?
How to define number of clusters in K-means clustering?
Best option to cluster variables (not cases) in R
How to check for bivariate Gaussianity without the use of regression?
Is there an easy way to combine two glm models in R?
Is there a version of multivariate multinomial logit?
Is there a classification of physical measurements according to their statistical distribution?
Identifying a statistical formula
In R, fisher.test returns different results if I use vectors vs contingency table
The source of ENSO data from NIST
Visualize movie/actor relationships
What is the English name for a statistics term that I'm looking for?
How to display a matrix of correlations with missing entries?
How does cross-validation overcome the overfitting problem?
Measure of association for 2x3 contingency table
Implementing the 'kernel trick' for a support vector machine in R
Removing empty columns from a dataset
Pearson correlation of data sets with possibly zero standard deviation?
Intuitive explanation of contribution to sum of two normally distributed random variables
Two-way clustering in R
Methods for evaluating partial autocorrelation for identification of ARIMA models
How to do a linear model in R?
Software for easy-yet-robust data exploration
Inference with Gaussian Random Variable
How to perform diallel analysis in R?
Coverage probabilities of the basic bootstrap confidence Interval
Why do Excel and WolframAlpha give different values for skewness
Categorical or continuous scale for area chart?
How difficult is it to train a gaussian mixture model compared to other models?
In R how do I reference\lookup in the cdf of standard normal distribution table?
Individuals standard deviations and/or standard errors for groups after implementing ANOVA?
Estimates and C.I. of percentiles for a survival function
How to fetch all historically available hourly weather data?
How to compute term frequency and find clusters in a dataset composed of strings?
Obtaining a formula for prediction limits in a linear model
Alternatives to Pearson correlation
Computational geometry vs perceptron for shattering
Quality-price trade-off 
Big picture on survival analysis and life data analysis
Looking for redacted text corpus
Interpretation of the Granger causality test
How to choose training and test sets
What is the meaning of a gold standard?
Adding high-dimensional data to mutivariate Cox model
AIC or p-value: which one to choose for model selection?
Linearity of the normal probability plot
Multivariate grouping: clustering, anova, tukey
Graphics encyclopedia
How to get generalisation performance from nnet in R using k-fold cross-validation?
Choosing seasonal decomposition method
Is it wrong to jitter before performing Wilcoxon test?
OpenBugs vs. JAGS
Variance of a distribution's product with itself
What is the relation between statistics theory and decision theory?
Estimating sample size required for optimal performance of latent semantic indexing?
Choosing between Latent Dirichlet Allocation and Association Rule Mining
Estimating the number of registered interaction designers in a given territory
What's the difference between these ordered factors?
What is the distribution of the euclidean distance between two normally distributed random variables
What does it mean for a study to be over-powered?
Correlating continuous clinical variables and gene expression data
Are short time series worth modelling?
Distribution family for a ratio dependent variable in a generalized estimating equation
Estimating population size from the frequency of sampled duplicates and uniques
What is the meaning of an F value less than 1 in one-way ANOVA?
$\nu$-svm parameter selection
Significance of (GAM) regression coefficients when model likelihood is not significantly higher than null
Expected number of shipments and its standard deviation
Longitudinal relationship between chocolate consumption and happiness: repeated measures ANOVA?
A smart way of clustering a collection of sets based on an inherent hierarchy
What's the minimum number of individuals in a group for repeated-measures ANOVA?
Why is R giving a bad result of addition?
Is it OK to do additive smoothing before applying Pearson's chi-square test for independence?
Finding precision of Monte Carlo simulation estimate
Meaning and use of `reltol` in `nnet` library in R
How to check reliability of a given sampling technology?
Formula for prediction interval for spatial regression
What test to compare community composition?
Conjoint Packages for R
Which books would you recommend for mixed distributions (continuous and discrete)?
Monte-Carlo estimation of the mean chord length in a polygon
Reconciling different parameterizations of the same nonlinear model
Estimating parameters for a spatial process
Interpretation of an integrable time series of an order zero
Modelling the effect of a 2 by 4 mixed design on a three-level nominal dependent variable
The boundary proprerty of conjugate exponential family
STFT statistical analysis
Family of functions ranging from zero to one with parameter influencing rate of approach to one
Kullback–Leibler vs Kolmogorov-Smirnov distance
How to compute the standard error of measurement (SEM) from a reliability estimate?
Review of case control matching algorithms?
Topic prediction using latent Dirichlet allocation
Statistical equivalence in the birthday paradox
Multidimensional scaling pseudo-code
Conditional homoskedasticity vs heteroskedasticity
Count data with mixed effects
Is there a way to explain a prediction from a random forest model?
Binomial data analysis with all 0 responses for some treatment groups
Calculation of natural cubic splines in R
Determining the relationship between salesperson and products sold?
Determining best fitting curve fitting function out of linear, exponential, and logarithmic functions
Regularized fit from summarized data
Is it ok to use Manhattan distance with Ward's inter-cluster linkage in hierarchical clustering?
Is there an equivalent of ARMA for rank correlation?
Why doesn't it seem to be standard to multiply prior scale by fraction of non-zero predictor observations?
Can anyone explain why I have obtained an anti-predictive Support Vector Machine?
How does one appropriately apply cross-validation in the context of selecting learning parameters for support vector machines?
Why only three partitions? (training, validation, test)
Creating an index of quality from multiple variables to enable rank ordering
What are some interesting and well-written applied statistics papers?
How do I determine confidence intervals around weighted, probilized events?
Origin of strange formula for equilibrium standard deviation
How to choose a data subset in RapidMiner?
Inference and noninference parts of statistical theory
What are the correct edge case values of precision and recall and how to integrate them into cross validation? 
Forecasting beyond one season using Holt-Winters' exponential smoothing
What's the probability that a bookmaker is mispricing odds on soccer games?
How can I demonstrate non-linearity without categorising a predictor?
Why are cumulative residuals from regression on stock and index returns mean reverting
Supervised learning with rare events, when rarity is due to the large number of counter-factual events
How can I compute regression for several longitudinal data sets (thus, with auto-correlated error)?
Statistical power and minimum sample size for ANOVA with likert scale as dependent variable
Measuring non-linear dependence
How to find the effective bandwidth correctly using statistics?
Notation of probability matrix corresponding to a contingency table
Resampling within a survey to account for missing data
Bonferroni or Tukey? When does the number of group means become large?
Interpreting Gaussian probabilities greater than 1
Correct specification of longitudinal model in lme4
How can I correct for measurement error in the dependent variable in a logit regression?
Displaying relationships between nodes
Boosting for regression systems
How to carry out a Likert scale analysis?
Estimating event probability from historical time series with clear seasonality
How do you compute confidence intervals for positive predictive value?
Statistical significance of changes over time on a 5-point Likert item
What are some good hard exemplary problem sets to work through to solidify my understanding of statistical concepts?
Is there a difference between seasonality / cyclicality / periodicity
Testing significance of factors and covariates along with modeling causality among responses
Can someone give me details about a particular confidence interval formula?
Regularized fit from summarized data: choosing the parameter
How do I model the volatility of an arithmetic mean?
Minimum distance estimator
Time series clustering
How to draw an interaction plot with confidence intervals?
How to normalize data to let each feature lie between [-1,1]?
How do you choose MAX or MIN values from a range of incomplete data?
How to calculate confidence intervals for pooled odd ratios in meta-analysis?
How to get LogLiklihood value from logistic regression in R
Singular value decomposition of a three-dimensional array
Does GSVD implement all linear multivariate techniques?
How can I even out a random distribution while minimising how far each data point is moved?
How to perform text mining, sentiment mining, and business category identification, and where to obtain a categorization library
Forecast R package producing flat predictions
Why do the R functions 'PCA' and 'prcomp' give different eigenvalues?
Is it possible to analytically integrate $x$ multiplied by the lognormal probability density function?
Multiple regression with no origin and mix of directly entered and stepwise entered variables using R
Item set similarity for real-time calculation purposes?
STL trend of time series using R
How to initialize EM-algorithm when trying to fit data to a separable mixture model?
Some doubts about using GLMM
Probability distribution for different probabilities
How to update ARIMA forecast in R?
Whether to use mean or median to summarise the central tendency of length of time to perform a task
Is there literature on staggered within subjects designs? What are the consequences of such a design?
Calculate error for monthly exchange rates
Monte Carlo estimation of convex hull overlap probability
Learning a univariate transform (kernel?) for novelty detection
When should I *not* use R's nlm function for MLE?
Where can I find good publicly available data that I could use to teach z-scores to my college students?
How do I go about conducting model diagnostics on WLS?
How can I obtain null and residual deviance/degrees of freedom for assessing model significance?
Is PCA unstable under multicollinearity?
Computing $(X^TX)^{-1}X^Ty$ in OLS
Measuring quantization error for clustering - squared or not?
Should grades be assigned to students based on a normal distribution?
Compare means of different variables
Interpretation of 3-way ANOVA
What is a good introduction to  statistical hypothesis testing for computer scientists?
Checking if two Poisson samples have the same mean
Determining if change in a time series is statistically significant
T-test for non normal when N>50?
How can I assess GEE/logistic model fit when covariates have some missing data?
Getting started with cluster analysis in R
Bootstrap confidence intervals on parameters or on distribution?
GLMM - test of significance
After the fact hypothesis testing
How to use principal components analysis to select variables for regression?
Which parameter on x axis for linear regression?
How to decrease the information loss from lag variables?
Using non-random sample to make population estimates
Can confidence intervals be added?
Simultaneous Equation System for logit/probit?
Calculating the MacKinnon empirical distribution test to test mediation
Summing normal instead of beta distributions, consequences for the density function of the sum?
Closed form formula for distribution function including skewness and kurtosis?
Treating 'Don't know/Refused' levels of categorical variables
Are two identical time series cointegrated?
What is the purpose of characteristic functions?
Sampling error example
How to test if the mean equals the median?
When is a randomised controlled trial (RCT) balanced?
What should I be aware of when using multiple regression to find causal relationships in my data?
Can chi square be used to compare proportions?
Geometric mean and standard deviation
Clustering can be plotted only with more units than variables?
Minimum number of instances to create a decision tree
What are some examples of public datasets that have randomized instruments? 
Can a small sample size cause type 1 error?
Does significance test make sense to compare randomised groups at baseline?
Problem with R code for spectral clustering
Fast integration of a posterior distribution
How to assess differential risk of disease across three groups after adjusting for other risk factors?
Distribution of extremal values
What are examples where a naive bootstrap fails?
Identifying modes in floating point data
Learning material about time series
How can I assess how descriptive feature vectors are?
How to remove stopwords with Russian documents?
How to carry out multiple post-hoc chi-square tests on a 2 X 3 table?
Generator and/or interpreter of probability models
Equivalent of Tukey test for chi-square?
Prediction in simple and multiple ANOVA
Hot topics in mathematical statistics
Difficulty of testing linearity in regression
Using R online - without installing it
How to add standard error to plots in ggplot2 with R?
How to set up and estimate a multinomial logit model in R?
How to test whether correlation measures differ when controlling or not for a third variable? 
Mouse models - 'replicates' and analysis
When is there no point in using regression?
How to compute margin of error with a given confidence interval?
Adjust a large set of Spearman correlation analyses for multiple testing
How to model logistic regression with continuous predictor in Bugs?
How does a frequentist calculate the chance that group A beats group B regarding binary response
How to create n time series characterised by a defined average and correlation?
Problem building multinomial logit model formula on huge data in R
Clustering spatial data in R
Model performance metrics for ordinal response
What is explosive variable?
Stambaugh bias definition
Can I split a series of observations of a variable over time into two groups instead of working with time series?
Binomial GLM post-hoc tests for unequal sample sizes
Do we need a global test before post hoc tests?
Suggestions for identifying key features
Active learning using SVM Regression
Can someone shed light on linear vs. nonlinear mixed-effects?
What is this maximum correlation coefficient?
Determine whether a n-th finite moment of X exists
Generating over-dispersed counts data with serial correlation
Given two responses for two groups, how to decide what to test on response or profit?
How to apply Kalman filter to geographical coordinates?
Space-efficient clustering
How to apply Kalman filter to one dimensional data?
Cox model with LASSO
How to compare vitamin D and glucose levels between patients and controls?
Time series factor model with one series more frequent
How to handle skewed binary target variables?
How can I estimate the time at which 50% of a binomial variable will have transitioned?
Analytical solution to linear-regression coefficient estimates
Working with Likert scales in SPSS
A list of tricks for calculating expectations?
Which non-parametric test for difference between three groups, of which two are paired?
Averages of random subsets of variables
Multiplicative mixed models for analyzing variety-by-environment data
What is the number of free parameters for a directed acyclic graph?
Calculating expected return
Changing null hypothesis in linear regression
Constructing 95% confidence interval based on profile likelihood
Systems for symbolically solving expectations?
Market mix modelling with R
Predicting temperature time series with Holt-Winters
What is the appropriate way to test for a shift in probability using multiple logistic regression?
Getting started with neural networks for forecasting
Number of eigenfunctions for kernel
How to plot data output of clustering?
Where can I obtain more weather data?
Testing difference between two (adjusted) r^2
How can I calculate the autocorrelation of a signal in Mathematica environment?
What are the disadvantages of the profile likelihood?
Interpretation of a one cluster solution using the EM cluster algorithm
Effect size of Cochran's Q
Is a predictor with greater variance better? 
Binning raw data prior to building a logistic regression model
Stratified sampling question
Addition of multivariate gaussians
What models and software are suited to modelling human decision making?
Selectively tweaking pairs() axes?
Application of machine learning methods in StackExchange websites
Statistical test for a series of data over time
How to perform logistic regression with lasso using GLMSELECT?
Formula for recommended sample size for multivariate testing
Having trouble with nls function in R
How to plot an ellipse from eigenvalues and eigenvectors in R?
Median of medians as robust mean of means?
Conditional probability and instantiation
Sampling dataset, choosing among N dimensions
Meaning of this expectation equation?
How to compute correlation between/within groups of variables?
Assumption of additivity for intra-class correlation
Is there any use for the quantity $\int f(x)^2 dx$ in statistics or information theory?
Symmetric fat-tailed distributions where $\mathbb{E} e^X < \infty$
Does it make sense for a partial correlation to be larger than a zero-order correlation?
Exponentially weighted moving linear regression
Finding the column index by its name in R
Few random variables cannot influence $n$ independent others too much?
Does $Y=\alpha X + \beta$ hold for multivariate gaussian density?
Centroid matching problem
Cross variogram with a moving window
Intuitive explanation of stationarity
Calibrated boosted decision trees in R or MATLAB
What is covariance matrix adaptation evolution strategy?
Multiclass logistic regression with mlogit in R
Testing a model with truncated data
Is MANOVA the correct way to handle multiple response variables that are additive?
Getting started with creating an index based on multiple survey items
Modeling multinomial problems with unknown sample size in BUGS
What is the meaning of rank in the context of change-detection?
When does the amount of skew or prevalence of outliers make the median preferable to the mean?
Can cluster analysis cluster variables that both positively and negatively correlate with each other?
What are the differences between Mixed Effects Modelling and Latent Growth Modelling?
Information on how value of k in k-fold cross-validation affects resulting accuracies
Optimized implementations of the Random Forest algorithm
When should I *not* permit a fixed effect to vary across levels of a random effect in a mixed effects model?
Is it worthwhile to publish at the refereed wiki StatProb.com?
Marginal distribution of the diagonal of an inverse Wishart distributed matrix
Need to find correlation between two entities
Classifying spectra
How to differentiate two subgroups from a histogram?
Exogenous variables in VECM
Standard error clustering in R (either manually or in plm)
Comparing importance of different sets of predictors
New mean calculation in multivariate gaussian
Cycling in k-means algorithm
Difference between K-S manual test and K-S test with R?
How to handle categorical dependent variable using logistic regression when one of the categories never occurs in the sample
R glm probit regression marginal effects
Fitting the moving average model
Conducting correlation and one way ANOVA using data from a PostgreSQL database
Can slopes in linear regressions be used as the independent or dependent variables in other regression models?
Free public interest data hosting?
Improving accuracy of a binary classification when the target is unbalanced
Is there a repeated measures aware version of the logrank test?
NaN p-value when using R's goodfit on binomial data
Classification in a applied financial setting
Reality check using GLM
Two-stage clustering in R
Which R package to use to calculate component parameters for a mixture model
p-value NaN when using goodfit() on binomial data
Mean and median in Zipf's  distribution
How to get a redundancy index when performing canonical correlation analysis in SPSS?
Maximum of two (or more) gaussian distributions with known and possibly different means/variances
What is the practical application of variance?
Rules of thumb for minimum sample size for multiple regression
Accounting for biases in the data (normalizing? detrending?)
How different random number generators can be more similar than identical ones?
How to handle multiple comparisons in a three-arm clinical trial?
What does 20/ln(2) mean in logistic regression?
How to interpret results of dimensionality reduction/multidimensional scaling?
Estimating Lambda for Box Cox transformation for ANOVA
How to test the effect of various manipulations of an independent variable on a dependent variable in a timeseries?
How to embed measurement uncertainty in a two-proportion z-test?
Is it impossible for clinical and laboratory data to be normally distributed?
How to exploit periodicity to reduce noise of a signal?
Calculating p-value for a two-way ANOVA
Beginner to prediction/statistics: Where do I start?
Generate random correlation matrix that has approximately normal entries
Looking for sparse and high-dimensional clustering implementation
Interpretation of odds ratio when outcome is a percentage
Data mining approaches for analysis of sequential data with nominal attributes
Power analysis for moderator effect in regression with two continuous predictors
Discrete choice panel models in R
Formula or procedure for computing standard statistical tables such as z table, Student's t-table, or chi-square table
Predicting index from multiple predictors using panel data over 10 years: logit or probit? Fixed or random?
Unexpected singularities in the Hessian matrix error in multinomial logistic regression
Converting a vector to a vector of standard units in R
Predicting a future data value with regression
One-inflated negative binomial?
Estimates diverging using continuous probabilities in logistic regression
Find expected value using cdf
What are some ways to graphically display non-normal distributions in Excel?
How to apply Neural Network to time series forecasting?
Bootstrapped parameter and fit estimates with non-normality for structural equation models
$\chi^2$ test of homogeneity for three-way contingency table
Random permutation test for feature selection
Smart date parsing in R?
How to calculate sample size for a one-sided test on a rxs contigency table
Intraclass correlation coefficient vs. F-test (one-way ANOVA)?
Debugging JAGS and BUGS
Repeating an experiment - more valuable than sample size?
Counterexample for interaction and parallel curves?
How to understand moments for a random variable?
Clustering elements by access counts in sessions
Is there a name for the high sensitivity of frequency of extreme data points to the mean of a normal distribution?
How to split a numeric variable into a binary low-high variable
Conditions for Central Limit Theorem for dependent sequences
How to find the number of runs?
How to evaluate external quality of clustering?
Complications of having a very small sample in a structural equation model
Can someone explain Gibbs sampling in very simple words?
Most suitable distributions for modeling Monte Carlo Simulations
Model selection in Weka through cross validation for regression problems
Taking the mean of a data set with a skewed distribution
How to shuffle matrix data in R?
Automating determination of number of clusters from a kmeans cluster analysis
Meaning of probability notations $P(z;d,w)$ and $P(z|d,w)$
Applying logistic regression with low event rate
Even more with the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test with R software
These two variables are almost uncorrelated. What else can I say?
Modeling membership function given some survey data or empirical distribution
How to summarize and compare non-linear relationships?
How to find principal components without matrix algebra?
Derivation of E step in EM algorithm
What is a tempered EM algorithm?
Predicting forecasts for next 12 months using Box-Jenkins
Tobit model with t-distribution
Automatic threshold determination for anomaly detection
Best model for change in scores over three time points
Advantages of approaching a problem by formulating a cost function that is globally optimizable
Sample size required for mixed design ANOVA to achieve adequate statistical power
What's the difference between Normalization and Standardization?
Optimize a boolean function
Interestingness function for StackExchange questions
What is perplexity?
Using an OLS coefficient to estimate a non-linear coefficient
Likelihood ratio test vs. $\chi^2$/Z-test for comparing binomial datasets
How to remove trend with no look ahead bias?
Friedman's test and post-hoc analysis
Weird residuals in linear regression
Interpreting logistic regression output in R
Determing noise type and level of noise
What distribution pluffy to buy for an aspiring econometrician?
What does inverse-chi-square in Fisher method (classifying) exactly do?
Using R's phyper to get the probability of list overlap
Symbolic computer algebra for statistics
How to use rejection sampling to generate draws from Unit Exponential
$\mathrm{Var}(X^2)$, if $\mathrm{Var}(X)=\sigma^2$
Bootstrapping data envelopment analysis efficiency score using R
Panel Data: In a fixed effects model, does auto-correlation introduce bias?
When estimating variance, why do unbiased estimators divide by n-1 yet maximum likelihood estimates divide by n?
Is it problematic if one predictor in a set accounts for almost all the prediction?
Making a heatmap with a precomputed distance matrix and data matrix in R
Advice on missing value imputation
How to analyse repeated measure ANOVA with three or more conditions presented in randomised order?
Is a logistic regression biased when the outcome variable is split 5% - 95%?
Generating dependent time series from a given distribution?
Bayes rule and base rate
Data mining: How should I go about finding the functional form?
Using LaTeX expression in gnuplot
Distribution of 'unmixed' parts based on order of the mix
Reducing number of levels of unordered categorical predictor variable
How to calculate Standard Error of Odds Ratios?
What research tool to use when researching a project?
Using Holt-Winters for forecasting in Python
Is repeated measures ANOVA appropriate for my experiment and is my sample size large enough?
General advice on forming an index of attitude to the environment from a set of Likert items
How to add variables sequentially in ordinal package in R
Online method for detecting wave amplitude
What do real values refer to in supervised classification?
How to get convergence using coxph (R) given that model converges using proc phreg (SAS)
Calculating the distribution of maximal value of $n$ draws from a normal distribution
What does Gaussian efficiency mean?
Regression for dependent variable with 4 categories
Probability for finding a double-as-likely event
Clustering large and sparse datasets
Why the exchangeability of random variables is essential in hierarchical bayesian models?
What is theta in a negative binomial regression fitted with R?
Advantages and disadvantages of parametric and non-parametric models
Averaged estimators in stochastic versions of EM
Number of features vs. number of observations
Does the Central Limit Theorem allow one to create confidence intervals from a web traffic dataset?
Fitting an ARIMAX model with regularization or penalization (e.g. with the lasso, elastic net, or ridge regression)
How to deal with omitted dummy variables in a fixed effect model?
Fitting multivariate linear mixed model in R
Categorization/Segmentation techniques
Calculating mean age from grouped census data
What is the best way to measure goodness of fit between data and functions?
Confidence interval for difference of means in regression
How to calculate the variance of a partition of variables
Is it good practice to standardize your data in a regression with panel/longitudinal data?
How to generate a bounded random correlation matrix?
How to get Cook's distance and carry out residual analysis for non-lm() and non-glm() models in R?
Interpreting  negative binomial regression output in R
Are there any good movies involving mathematics or probability?
Determining which AdWords have the highest amount of user click throughs
What to do with almost-continuous variable in regression?
Optimal penalty selection for lasso
Uniform random variable distribution
How to create histogram with zoom-in feature
Animating the effect of changing kernel width in R
Forecasting Amazon or Netflix demand
Naive Bayes classification for That's what she said problem
Calculating AUPR in R
Set of data and averaging/standard deviation
What are good references containing arguments against null hypothesis significance testing?
Identify probability distributions
Comparing multiple time series in R
Margin-of-error calculation in survey
Canonical correlation analysis and time series analysis
Linear regression using standard deviations as regressors?
Structural equation modeling for experimental design data
Reference or book on simulation of experimental design data in R
Pointwise mutual information for text using R
How to choose the 1st threshold/classifier/ weak learner in Adaboost?
Possible identifiability issue in hierarchical model
Compute approximate quantiles for a stream of integers using moments?
How to interpret mean of Silhouette plot?
How to interpret decreasing AIC but higher standard errors in model selection?
Difference in means in multiple-choice poll
How to derive Poisson distribution from gamma distribution?
SVM kernels choose without tests
How to use G Power 3 to calculate statistical power in mixed design ANOVA with unequal group sample sizes
Measuring homogeneity across different spatial aggregations of data
How to change column names in data frame in R?
Which hierarchical clustering algorithm?
Logistic regression and Wilcoxon test
Can we use bounded continuous variables as predictors in regression and logistic regression?
Interpreting logistic regression output from SAS
Power calculation for likelihood ratio test
Intuitive explanation of Fisher Information and Cramer-Rao bound
Testing significant effect in 2 by 2 factor design on a binary outcome
Uniform frequency from non-uniform (exponential) distribution?
Anscombe transform and normal approximation
How to calculate tridiagonal approximate covariance matrix, for fast decorrelation?
Converting arbitrary distribution to uniform one
Valid method to analyze spatial correlations in images?
Correlation as a likelihood measure
How to characterize symmetric discrete distribution?
How do I ensure PROC ARIMA is performing the correct parameterization of input variables?
How to choose the link function when performing a logistic regression?
Questions about variable selection for classification, and different classification techniques
Why are p-values uniformly distributed under the null hypothesis?
Variance based on given frequencies using SPSS
What regression formula would best fit this curve?
How does one fit conditional Poisson regression in SAS?
Binomial testing with probability estimated from sample
What is the best linear regression model to use when the shape of the data resembles a cubic distribution?
How exactly does Wilks' Lambda distribution generalize the Hotelling distribution?
How to design an 8-run experiment in 5 factors?
How to properly analyze distance from a reference?
Using kurtosis to assess significance of components from independent component analysis
How to obtain confidence limits of predicted values in ARIMA?
How to calculate a percentile of y for a given x given a series of (x, y)?
Crosstab factor scores generated by factor analysis
Can one cluster web log data without performing user or session identification?
What to do with a small (27) medical dataset?
How to examine group differences on several 5-point items using SPSS?
Odds ratios multiple comparisons
Decision tree output -- learning
Optimal algorithm for solving n-armed bandit problems?
Using an SVM for feature selection
How to NOT use statistics
Does simple linear regression imply causation?
Determining statistical significance of a repeated measures t-test
Maximum likelihood estimation of dlmModReg
Excel spreadsheet for ordinal logistic regression
Two sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov test and p-value interpretation
QR factorization: floating-point issues
How to measure the well-roundedness of SE contributors?
What is the meaning of the . (dot) in R?
Steel's method for nonparametric multiple comparison with control
Multinomial choice with binary observations
Interpreting coefficients of a dlog-dlog regression
Differences between heavy tail and fat tail distributions
How to get standard error of a function (delta method vs. simulation)?
Definition of quantile
Designing covariance matrix and kernel function for a gaussian process
How does quantile normalization work?
Properly specifying mixed effects model in lmer
ARMA modeling in R
Two poisson random variables and likelihood ratio test
Modeling relative contribution of a variable
CDF raised to a power?
Permutation tests with repeated measures
How can I account for spatial covariance in a linear model?
$\chi^2$ test for data from Dirichlet-multinomial distribution
What is the best site to hire contract or permanent stats folks
When to transform predictors?
Standard deviation of means over two dimensions
For classification with Random Forests in R, how should one adjust for imbalanced class sizes?
Methods to best test lead/lag relationships
Why are random variables defined as functions?
How to interpret an inverse covariance or precision matrix?
Measures of autocorrelation in categorical values of a Markov Chain?
How do I display detrended data from a linear regression?
Count data regression for data with upper bound
Justification for using geometric weights in linear regression
Using and/or operators in R
Who first developed the idea of sampling distributions?
Heckman sample selection
Modeling number of phone calls with OLS
How do I run a Mixed Model repeated measures analysis in SPSS to evaluate intervention effect while controlling for school?
Is there a name for the function | L1 sect L2 | / | L1 |
Does the variable order matter in linear regression
Anyone know of a simple dendrogram visualizer?
Produce a list of variable name in a for loop, then assign values to them
Is it necessary to perform a transformation on proportion data if it's reasonably well behaved?
Expected value of a transformation
What kind of distribution is $f_X(x) = 2 \lambda \pi x e^{-\lambda \pi x ^2}$?
Comparing numbers of p-values from many linear models
Algorithm to create Bayesian priors from measurements
Half annual covariance $\mathrm{Cov}(X,Y)_{\text{6 months}}$ from annual covariance?
Number of times to run a lengthy experiment
What is the distribution of the difference of two-t-distributions
Computing average value ignoring outliers
Tests for consistent measurements and outliers
Children's statistical education in different countries?
High quality publishing house for books in the field of statistics
Calculating the value of attributes of cards in a card game
Formula to discard items by votes (Lower bound of Wilson score confidence interval)
Interpretation of positive and negative beta weights in regression equation
Correspondence analysis for a three-way contingency table
Generative modelling: what if the generating models have very different quality of fit
Endogeneity versus unobserved heterogeneity
Big-O Scaling of R's cmdscale()
Formula to discard items by votes (Lower bound of Wilson score confidence interval)
Probability distribution of fragment lengths
Long tailed distributions for generating random numbers with parameters to control tail heaviness
What are the pros and cons of learning about a distribution algorithmically (simulations) versus mathematically?
How to specify random effects in lme?
Obtaining standard error on a data point obtained from linear regression
How do I create subscales based on sets of items in SPSS
Problem with mixture discriminant analysis in R returning NA for predictions
Statistical method to quantify  diversity / variance / inequality
How to calculate confidence interval for count data in R?
Probability that X<=Y when X and Y are p values from two different hypotheses
Variance on the sum of predicted values from a mixed effect model on a timeseries
Should factor loadings be dominated by items' ranges of answer options?
Formula for autocorrelation in R vs. Excel
What is the added value of using a 2-part model over an OLS model on a subsample when estimating health care expenditures?
What is the distribution of the ratio of two Poisson random variables?
Paired permutation test for repeated measures
Why does adding statistically significant interaction reduce true positives?
Autoregressive model and shock events
Algorithm to calculate difference in users' tastes
In convergence in probability or a.s. convergence w.r.t which measure is the probability?
Calculation of power of survival study
Transforming proportion data: when arcsin square root is not enough
Software for learning Bayesian belief networks
Computing mathematical expectation of the correlation coefficient or $R^2$ in linear regression
Moments of Laplace distribution
How can you predict the likelihood of someone doing something given previous data?
Covariate Adjusted Logistic Regression (Adjusted Analysis)
What are efficient ways to organize R code and output?
R package for multilevel structural equation modeling?
How does R handle missing values in lm?
Checking $R$ functions arguments
Test for biological replicates
How can I calculate the standard error of a proportion?
Including the interaction but not the main effects in a model
Can SPSS perform chi-square test on an existing contingency table?
Calculate gaussian function
New development in variable selection in clustering using MCMC?
Recommend references on survey sample weighting
How does a classifier handle unseen documents that do not belong to any of the pre-existing classes?
Resume buzz words
Summarising wind vector statistics over time
Significance of initial transition probabilites in a hidden markov model
How can I use logistic regression betas + raw data to get probabilities
How to use cross-section country samples of different years in multiple regression analysis?
Normalize random numbers picked up into lognormal distribution
How to define specific population for Public Opinion
How to detect (and possibly estimate/interpolate) missing or incomplete data?
Learning statistical concepts through data analysis exercises
Training multiple models for classification using the same dataset
GLM for proportional data
Why would one suppress the intercept in linear regression?
Modifying linear ballistic accumulator (LBA) simulation in  R
Goodness of fit for a regression with multiple predictors
Problem with ANOVA repeated measures: Error() model is singular
Why is the Mann–Whitney U test significant when the medians are equal?
False discovery rate from permutation testing?
Why are regression problems called regression problems?
Random number generation using t-distribution or laplace distribution
Estimating effect of latent variable in regression
Rescaling for desired standard deviation
How to interpret coefficients in a Poisson regression?
Implications of communalities close to 1.00 for reliability analysis and survey design
Factor analysis problem -- singular covariance matrix?
Doing logistic regression using R
Automatically detecting sudden change of mean
How to deal with perfect separation in logistic regression?
What is the best way to compare fluctuations of two signals?
Wrong results using ANOVA with repeated measures
How to plot AIC values when using the leaps package?
How to export data in R syntax?
Markowitz portfolio mean variance optimization in R
GLM for comparing 2 populations with binomial data?
Multivariate multiple regression in R
Sample size formula for an F-test?
Monte carlo integration in spherical coordinates
How to extract data from published articles (RCTs) to do a meta-analysis?
Tutorial for performing Contrasts for MANOVA
Using hierarchical clustering to classify?
Rank transformed 2-way ANOVA
Sites for predictive modeling competitions
Determining causality from a natural experiment
Is the method of mean substitution for replacing missing data out of date? 
Statistics of events and invitations
What statistical test can I use to detect clumping?
How can I isolate the effect of an event on a sequence of sales numbers?
How to test whether two distance/difference matrices are different?
Testing for the effect of an intervention when it is applied on a group of which each individual is measured
Is this a reasonable approach to fitting distributions?
Capitalization of n for sample size
How to calculate standard error of the mean of a set of correlation coefficients
Elbow criteria to determine number of cluster
Can anyone explain quantile maximum probability estimation (QMPE)?
When to use an offset in a Poisson regression?
Number of segments to divide a time-series
When, if ever, to use pairwise deletion in multiple regression?
R: statistical test
Appropriateness of calculating scale means based on available non-missing responses (i.e., person-mean imputation)
How do I remove all but one specific duplicate record in an R data frame?
Generating sorted pseudo-random numbers in Stata
Can the forecasts using exponential smoothing be negative in value?
Should we compare the individual monthly forecasts with actual values?
Statistics for gambling machine validation
The effect of the number of replicates in different cells on the results of ANOVA
Assumptions regarding bootstrap estimates of uncertainty
Median value on ordinal scales
Preferred methods for graphing time-series data to present averages?
Exponential moving average with sub-interval relevance / varying timeframe
Bias in sampling for set intersections
Applications of principal component analysis versus principal component regression?
Testing difference between two means with pairwise data and absence of normality
How to simulate data based on a linear mixed model fit object in R?
QQ plot of sigma2 from an MCMC regression?
Optimal blind poll construction
Explaining regression performance differences
Is there an ANOVA table generalization for two nested CART models?
How can I use credibility intervals in Bayesian logistic regression?
What would be a good way to work with a large data set in Excel?
Weight variables for predictive model
Factor dependent correlation
Whether to use structural equation modelling to analyse observational studies in psychology
Regression on a non-normal dependent variable
How do I set up an unbalanced repeated measures analysis in R?
Does similarity of coefficients and p-values regardless of whether dependent variable is transformed  suggest  untransformed model is reliable?
Methods for checking if the number of comparisons is sufficient
Statistical significance when A/B test has multiple values
Software (or webapps) for teaching kids statistics or probability?
How to analyse a study looking at relationship between one set of five items (predictors) and a second set of five items (outcomes)
What is the pull distribution?
Is there a simplistic model to disaggregate census data based on years and smaller zones?
Automatisation of GLM analysis with negative binomial errors
Pairwise exclusions
Probability inequalities
What is a propensity weighting sampling / RIM?
How to compare two groups of patients with a continuous outcome?
Using ANOVA on percentages?
Getting an average measurement based on two raters for cases where data is missing for one rater
Summarizing samples of an interval
What do you call adding zeros to a table of frequency counts of consecutive integers where the given integer does not occur
Critical values for Anderson-Darling test
How does the distribution of the error term affect the distribution of the response?
Is there a standard procedure or regression model in marketing for explaining click rates on ads?
What method is used in Google's correlate?
Dependent variable is a function of independent variables; can I sensibly include them in a regression?
Inverse of false discovery rate (FDR)
Identifying oscillation in a time series
Predicted probabilities from a multinomial regression model using zelig and R
Probability of a certain sum of values from a set of dice rolls
Inspect generators and defining relations of a fractional factorial design
Obtaining predictions from linear model
Left skewed vs. symmetric distribution observed
How do I find the best model with a saturated dataset?
What could be the reason for using square root transformation on data?
How to ensure properties of covariance matrix when fitting multivariate normal model using maximum likelihood?
Testing a 2 by 2 mixed ANOVA in R
Recommended procedure for factor analysis on dichotomous data with R
Visual representations of the p-value in ANOVA to assist intuitive understanding
Why is a regression model of portfolio return giving smaller adjusted R-square (i.e., negative) than expected?
How to compute the weight matrix for WLS estimation of a multi-group ordinal CFA model
How to report asymmetrical confidence intervals of a proportion?
PCA and component scores based on a mix of continuous and binary variables
Linear regression, heteroscedasticity, White's test interpretation?
Classification of sequences of symbols
Internet statistics resources suitable for psychology  students doing research
Upper/lower bound and initial domain for lognormal distribution
Should the group decisions be independent in Wilcoxon rank sum test?
Why are ties so difficult in nonparametric statistics?
Tobit model with R
Boxplot with respect to two factors using ggplot2 in R
How can I test the significance of the correlation coefficient?
Error to report with median and graphical representations?
Longitudinal data: time series, repeated measures, or something else?
Do we have a problem of pity upvotes?
Confidence interval for sample mean (possible error in text)
Density-based spatial clustering of applications with noise (DBSCAN) clustering in R
How to compute marginal effects in a Tobit model using R?
Low accuracy in out of time validation
What is the difference between empirical variance and variance?
Statistical models and methods to evaluate and forecast fine price increases
Software enabling GLS estimation with both heteroskedasticity and serial correlation correction
Variable selection for increasing accuracy
Density function question
$L_1$ or $L_.5$ metrics for clustering?
Bayesian two-factor ANOVA
Is there a GLS estimator that has lower variance than OLS for sum of parameters in linear model under Gauss-Markov conditions?
Standardized residuals of a Tobit model in R 
Constrained kernel density estimation
Is there a way to determine the significance of a change in a d' score?
Best way to interact with an R session running in the cloud
Conducting a power analysis on difference between two proportions
Does it matter what values you assign to represent two groups in a dummy variable?
Stepwise model selection, Hosmer-Lemeshow statistics and prediction success of model in nested logistic regression in R
Autocorrelation vs correlation calculation
Do you include a covariate because of baseline group difference or if correlated with DV or both?
Incorporating random effects in the logistic regression formula in R
Uncorrected pairwise p-values for one-way ANOVA?
Constant term in time series econometric models built on 1-st differences
How to tell the closeness of two variables
Solving a regression problem
Does high log-likelihood imply high R^2
Pairwise comparisons after significant interaction results: parametric or non?
Variable selection for time covariate
Creating an index based on a set of measurements without a target for purpose of rank ordering
Performing PCA for normal score transformed data
How do I run a two-part model of health care expenditures in Stata?
What to do with p-values when standard errors are obviously biased
What's the best formula to fit the distribution of website user number over a day
Shall I censor or rather remove other causes in cause-specific survival analysis?
Searching for car displacement data
Why are the correlations in two groups less than the correlation when the groups are combined?
How to perform Fisher exact test in SPSS?
Computing descriptives statistics for sites and locations based on literature search with sites having varying numbers of time points
High frequency data series cleaning in R
Importing time series from SQL base into R
Tests on binomial distribution
Textbook with list of hypothesis tests and practical guidance on use
How to calculate SE for a binary measure, given sample size n and known population mean?
How do I tell when and why to use specific statistical measures?
Testing for stability in a time-series
Tool to confirm Gaussian fit
Data transposition from 'clustered rows' into columns
What is the best way to determine if pageviews are trending upward or downward?
Is there a good browser/viewer to see an R dataset (.rda file)
What is the power of the regression F test?
Do orthogonal projectors change the statistics of i.i.d. generated data?
Assessing rater bias where one rater has given one very high rating and the remainder very low ratings
Approximating lognormal sum pdf (in R)
How to check hypothesis about estimation of random variable with unknown distribution?
Discrete choice prediction
Iterated expectations theory
What is nonparametric logistic regression based on locally weighted scatterplot smoothing?
How can I get a velocity of how much this link is trending?
Gap statistics MATLAB implementation
How can I statistically determine if my data on code run time measurements is good?
Goodness of fit in GLMs
Memory requirements of $k$-means clustering
Calculating the information contained in a message
Whether to use an offset in a Poisson regression when predicting total career goals scored by hockey players
Rationale of using AUC?
Training with the full dataset after cross-validation?
Significant difference between two small populations sampled without replacement
Fitting conditional functions in nls
Clarification on interpreting confidence intervals?
Do zero counts need to be adjusted for a likelihood ratio test of poisson/loglinear models?
How to describe a design with a mix of experimental conditions, predictor variables, and multiple outcome variables?
Assessing independence of observations using intraclass correlation when some groups have small group sample sizes
Is there an R package with a pretty function that can deal effectively with outliers?
R only alternatives to BUGS
A best measure for speaker recognition
Assessing reliability of a questionnaire:  dimensionality, problematic items, and whether to use alpha, lambda6 or some other index?
What kind of residuals and Cook's distance are used for GLM?
How do I calculate error propagation with different measures of error?
The difference between MSE and MAPE
Zelig reports $R^2$ of a negative binomial regression - nonsense?
Coding an interaction between a nominal and a continuous predictor for logistic regression in MATLAB
Kullback–Leibler divergence between two gamma distributions
Visualizing multi-dimensional data (LSI) in 2D
Recommended effect size measure for repeated measures t-tests and repeated measures contrasts on experimental data
Using latent Dirichlet allocation for information retrieval
Essential data checking tests
Comparing means across two groups and over four time points when group sample sizes are very small
How to extract residuals from function cv.lm in R?
How do I compare individual likert scale items
Which statistical test should I use for my experiment on aggressive interactions in killifish?
Generating random samples from a density function
Pseudo R squared formula for GLMs
What is the difference between ITT and ATE?
Where can I read about the justification for the use of parametric probability distributions?
Probabilities in case-controlled studies
Which measure of model fit to report when performing likelihood based regression: AIC, BIC, Pseudo R-square?
How to visualize a GraphML multitree?
Including a variable which is identical for each cross section member
What do I gain if I consider the outcome as ordinal instead of categorical?
Usage of LDA with more than two classes
How to tell if data is clustered enough for clustering algorithms to produce meaningful results?
Logistic regression - power and predictor values
How do you apply a linear regression built in SPSS to new data and generate prediction intervals
How to estimate and interpret an offset correctly in a Poisson regression?
Why is sample standard deviation a biased estimator of $\sigma$?
Determining correlation in certain subsets of a dataset in R
Whether to use EFA or PCA to assess dimensionality of a set of Likert items
Comparing two datasets (of the same physical quantity) - what do I learn from this graph?
Testing the importance of an item among a finite set of items
How to combine two independent repeated experiments with different success probabilities?
Minimum number of observations for logistic regression?
How to implement a weighted 3-way ANOVA in unbalanced design?
Cross-validating for model parameters with time series
Pre and Post, treated and un treated but from same subject
Property of entropy
What could cause big differences in correlation coefficient between Pearson's and Spearman's correlation for a given dataset?
Probability distribution of questions in a forum
Distance to a regression line, and degrees of freedom
Estimating correlated parameters with multi-level model
How can I generate correlated timeseries made up of 0s and 1s?
More info needed on second order regular variation in extreme value theory
How to visualize/understand what a neural network is doing?
Where do the distance metrics for the Krippendorff's alpha statistic come from?
Which distribution to use with MCMC and empirical data?
Is there more to probability than Bayesianism?
What is discriminative partition matching?
How to compare the variance from published summary statistics with own data?
How to compute multidimensional omega with R
Is it possible to differentiate in expectation?
How to convert an unrestricted co-occurrence network to a restricted one?
How should we convert sports results data to perform a valid logistical regression?
Are there any libraries available for CART-like methods using sparse predictors & responses?
How to estimate parameters for a Kalman filter
What, if any, dissimilarity is preserved in partial least squares (PLS)?
Sanity check: how low can a p-value go?
What is heavy hitter analysis?
Interpret t-values when not assuming normal distribution of the error term
Why does noisy data result in better prediction performance?
Take the log of an independent variable in a Poisson regression
How do you derive the conditional variance for $s^2$, the OLS estimator of $\sigma^2$?
Data reduction technique to identify types of countries
Formula for confidence intervals for small samples and unknown population standard deviation
Probability of panel assignment
Analysis of intervals between events
Help with data analysis of small datasets
Estimating the variance of poker win rates
Model comparison between an ARIMA model and a regression model
How to interpret confidence interval of the difference in means in one sample T-test?
What is the difference between Multiclass and Multilabel Problem
How can I compare the following mutual information values?
What count-data models to choose besides negative binomial model when overdispersion occurs?
Sliding window validation for time series
Interpreting p-values associated with correlation measurements
Updating linear regression efficiently when adding observations and/or predictors in R
Fitting a beta-binomial model in the case of overdispersion in R
MCMC converging to a single value?
On the use of weighted correlations in aggregated survey data
Odds for high in the card game pitch
What an experimental design is this?
The effectiveness of coordinate ascent
Plotting changes in a three-valued ordinal variable across two time points using R
Is there a covariance MLE which takes into account independence relationships?
What happens with the beta-binomial distribution, when n approaches infinity?
What questions would a statistician ask about analysis of E. coli outbreak?
Confidence intervals for repeatability
Factor analysis on mixed (continuous/ordinal/nominal) data?
Estimation by future likelihood maximization
Use of survival analysis for trigger mining
What is the association rule learning approach to the logical XOR problem?
Do infrequent examples screw up classifiers? If so, when is it okay to remove the infrequent examples from the data?
Probability of drawing no red balls from 20 draws without replacement given finite sample
How should standard errors for mixed effects model estimates be calculated?
Ways to overcome small number of survey responses
How to analyze residuals of Poisson log-linear model?
How to deal with an error such as Coefficients: 14 not defined because of singularities in R?
Eigenvalue cleansing methods in R?
Species Richness, Dominance and Diversity Differences
Random Forests / adaboost in panel regression setting
How to choose the number of splits in rpart()?
How to define the distribution of a convolution when there is some partial order statistic information?
How to test component failure in a general way?
Metric to compare models?
Summary of Large p, Small n results
Visualizing k-nearest neighbour?
What does this blur around the line mean in this graph?
Looking for a proper minimization tool
Intuition behind why Stein's paradox only applies in dimensions $\ge 3$
Analysing ratios of variables
What distribution would lead to this highly peaked and skewed density plot?
Random forest models and external validation
2D object recognition using MATLAB
At what value of mean and variance should I throw data away?
Testing closeness of data
Zero inflated models - true zero vs. excess zero
Fitting multivariate, natural cubic spline
How to model time-varying correlation
In which setting would you expect model found by LARS to differ most from the model found by exhaustive search?
How do I develop a metric for comparisons that involves a combination of variables at different scales?
When analyzing dyadic data, can unpaired cases be used in any part of the analysis?
Sampler method to choose in Monte Carlo Markov chain estimation
Making horizontal max-min-average chart in Excel
How can I calculate a probability from a likelihood, e.g. in the Metropolis-Hastings algorithm?
Reference for the sum and difference of highly correlated variables being almost uncorrelated
Assessing statistical significance of a rare binary event in time series
Dealing with multicollinearity
What is reject inferencing and how can it be used to increase the accuracy of a model?
Running an R script line-by-line
Why use Monte Carlo method instead of a simple grid?
Beta binomial Bayesian updating over many iterations
How to form a meaningful statistical indicator to reflect user interaction with a website
Present results from a multinomial model graphically
prcomp() vs lm() results in R
How to scale violin plots for comparisons?
The min draw from F(x), where the max is an order statistic of the max draws from different, yet overlapping distributions?
Understanding ridge regression results
Repeated measures, mixed model, ANOVA or...?
False discovery rate & q-values: how are q-values to be interpreted when rank of p-values is altered?
Is it possible to fit a data curve to another data curve?
Plotting interaction effect without significant main effects (not about code)
Inversions in hierarchical clustering
Calculate peak concurrent users on a website
Categorising continous data in logistic regression
Proxy variables versus instrumental variables
Analysing  relation between changes in two time series
When to use longitudinal (panel) weights vs cross-section weights in complex surveys
Identifying largest proportion in a set based on a common set of companies
How to dynamically calculate interval designations of data?
Generalization of basic probability question
On the  strength of weak learners
Feature construction in R
What are some good references/advice for learning Emacs Speaks Statistics (with R)?
Can non-random samples be analyzed using standard statistical tests?
Mathematical reference for the convergence in distribution of the Gibbs sampler
How to handle irregular interval censoring in a Cox model in R or Stata
How is the intercept computed in GLMnet? 
Relationship between number of replications and the standard deviation of entry means
Is it possible to do data analysis in Open Office Calc?
Suggestions for training in data visualization?
How to transfer a table into a chart?
How to sample from $c^a d^{a-1} / \Gamma(a)$?
Is there a concept of enough data for training statistical models?
How to draw an ROC curve?
How to derive a k-means objective function in matrix form?
Software for drawing ROC curve
Bias - an intuitive definition
Predicting next character based on few previous -- how to combine predictions?
Good Internet resource for preparation for studying mathematical statistics
What does a confidence interval (vs. a credible interval) actually express?
Detrended line still has a trend
Text Classification in R
Are t tests of coefficients in multiple regression post hoc tests?
Detrending method for nonstationary data
How many samples account for all the variance?
How is it possible that this ratio revert to the mean?
Variables importance: who can do the most pushups?
Alternative to block bootstrap for multivariate time series
Why does t statistic increase with the sample size?
How to calculate Theil–Sen estimator in R?
What are modern, easily used alternatives to stepwise regression?
Distribution of standard deviation
How to compute the probability associated with absurdly large Z-scores?
Weighted loss function for non-random sample
PCA with covariance matrix calculated using random matrix theory in R
Effects on R^2 of adding interactions to a linear regression model
What is the difference between lm() and rlm()?
Standard error from OR and HR
How to calculate number of participants required to compare mean scores on a questionnaire between two groups?
Kolmogorov-Smirnov two-sample test
Should measurement errors and uncertainty be accounted for in every statistical test?
When is the maximum value of chi square achieved for a non-symmetric table?
How to visualize iterative parameter constraint?
Aggregating and comparing data across days using paired t-test
What does this distribution look like?
A better presentation of linear regression model
How to graphically compare distributions of a variable for two groups with different sample sizes?
Can we combine false discovery rate and principal components analysis?
Finding weights that remove residual dot product
Two-sample t-test / ANOVA on functions, with unequal variances
How to implement k-means cluster analysis algorithm correctly?
What are the uses and pitfalls of regression through the origin?
Results of Wilcoxon test are backwards when compared to R, don't understand why
How do I create a predictor for a time series once I've confirmed Granger-causality?
How do I weigh several variables at two levels to create an overall composite variable score?
Inference to the population when the survey response rate is only 30%
How to model change over four time points on an ordinal variable where some participants have missing data at some time points?
Choosing a measure of similarity to quantify similarity between individuals on a set of personality scales
Generalization of a hazard model
Confidence level for clusters
Multivariate linear bayesian regression in matlab with normal-gamma assumption for data
Deriving risk estimates using forecasting confidence limits and out of sample hold-out cases
Struggling to make headway with Introduction to Probability by Bertsekas & Tsitsiklis
Clustering 1D data
How to simplify a stretched exponential fit?
Repeated measures ANOVA with lme in R for two within-subject factors
Where to find credit risk data set?
Split plot in R
Which one is the null hypothesis? Conflict between science theory, logic and statistics?
Entropy value for different sets of data
How to combine unbound variables with very different frequency distributions?
Threshold for correlation coefficient to indicate statistical significance of a correlation in a correlation matrix
Probability of an event that is not measureable
Modelling worst, average and best case capacity of a system
How does ward clustering (in R's hclust function) work?
Practical definition of a UMP test?
Help with creating a formula for diversity coefficient
Can I use left eye and right eye in my sample as two different subjects?
How to quantify correlation stability?
Is subjective weighting acceptable to create composites for correlation analysis?
Bootstrap and randomization tests to compare paired data sets
How to apply Mahalanobis weighted regression in R?
CDF of first passage time for Poisson dam/shot noise with constant amplitude jumps and exponential decay
What methods to use for statistical prediction/forecast of trading data?
How does dinterval() for interval censored data work in JAGS?
Adjusting PCA based on prior information
Not-significant F but a significant coefficient in multiple linear regression
What is the best way of weighing cardinal scores and Likert scale scores to create a composite score?
Is there an R equivalent of SAS PROC FREQ?
Best way to select useful features using R software
How can I improve my analysis of the effects of reputation on voting?
Finding overall p-value for GLS model
Excel pivot table with multiple total columns
Compare R-squared from two different Random Forest models
Statistics for benchmarking code
Does a distance have to be a metric for an hierarchical clustering to be valid on it?
Boxplot for several distributions?
How can I predict values from new inputs of a linear model in R?
Order statistics (e.g., minimum) of infinite collection of chi-square variates?
Covariance and variance relation
How do I algorithmically determine values of T1 & T2 for canopy clustering?
How do I compare correlation coefficients of the same variables across different groups?
Cross-matrix inference and correlations
Most appropriate statistical treatment where participants select five statements from a list
Imputation with panel data exhibiting dependence structure
How to use the extracted components from varimax rotation as independent variables?
Fit between two curves
Labels in the Digit1 dataset for semi-supervised learning
Is there an R implementation to some mixed models quantile regression statistical procedure?
Assumptions and pitfalls in competing risks model
Can we compare correlations between groups by comparing regression slopes?
Excel's CHIDIST function in MATLAB for large values
What to do in case of low inter-rater reliability (ICC)?
Training sample division vs extra binary/nominal factor
Why two series are cointegrated but not mean-reverting?
Using information on both sides of a 'gap' in time series data for imputation
Can Spearman's correlation be run on z scores?
Two correlated DVs in a multiple regression
Treating categorical variables in logistic regression in SAS
What is the $i$th sufficient statistic in the EM algorithm for Gaussian mixture models?
Determining the reliability of weather forecast
How can I improve my cross-correlation methodology?
Text mining software (beyond R)
Is there a way to represent datasets using Predictive Model Markup Language?
How can I calculate an average speed rate that ignores occasional anomalies?
Is Fisher's exact test right for this problem?
Using a deterministic trend in OLS
Best functional form to describe a scatterplot with a z-shape appearance with noise
Is it meaningful to test for normality with a very small sample size (e.g., n = 6)?
Combining two time-series by averaging the data points
Weighted clustering on large spatial dataset
Visualizing 2-letter combinations
What's the difference between principal components analysis and multidimensional scaling?
Intra- and inter-rater reliability on the same data
Linear regression with factors in R
What is the best way to learn the fundamentals of probability required for machine learning algorithms?
Trend analysis with three time points in a repeated measures design
Data representation in a better way?
Problem in evaluating naive Bayes
How to determine the sample distribution based on a survey involving six variables?
Example implementation of random forest
Degrees of freedom for post-hoc tests
Combining randomForests in R, why are the err.rate, mse and rsq components NULL
Drawing Chernoff graph in R with only four face features?
What can you do with 'crazy' data?
Clustering with some cluster centers fixed/known
Generate uniformly distributed weights that sum to unity?
Area under the pdf in kernel density estimation in R
What is the mathematical difference between Cpk and Ppk?
How to come up with research questions in statistical theory?
To what extent is the distinction between correlation and causation relevant to Google?
Comparing sample to a known population
Phillips–Perron unit root test instead of ADF test?
Post hoc test after ANOVA with repeated measures using R
Time series modeling in R on a weekly basis over multiple years featuring different number of weeks in each year
References for creating neuropsychological composite scores
Why do lme and aov return different results for repeated measures ANOVA in R?
What is the difference between mean value and average?
Testing a binomial model
When to use Student's or Normal distribution in linear regression?
Using k-fold cross-validation for time-series model selection
How to specify labels per facet in ggplot2?
How few samples are needed to compare two means?
R package for identifying relationships between variables
R package for smooth transition regression models
Why Phillips-Perron test returns singularities in regression?
Best statistic to compare frequencies in two datasets
Drawing multiple barplots on a graph in R
Fisher's distribution and its approximation
How to compute the Kullback-Leibler divergence when the PMF contains 0s?
How to best display graphically type II (beta) error, power and sample size?
Nonparameteric multivariate density approximation -- where do I start?
Why are degrees of freedom so high in repeated measures mixed models?
Calculating standard error and attaching an error bar on ggplot2 bar chart
Based only on these sensitivity and specificity values, what is the best decision method?
How to plot non-uniform bar chart using GNUplot?
How to generate random categorical data?
How to model categorical (discrete-valued) time series?
Definition of degree of interaction in the MARS model
How to generate two correlated categorical variables?
What is a good reference on simulating ordinal random variables?
How can I determine which columns best correlate with target column in a SQL Server Table?
How to generate random auto correlated binary time series data?
Transform continuous variable to discrete variable
Simple linear regression -- through a specific point
What techniques are used for empirical, stochastic simulation of a time series?
k-fold CV of forecasting financial time series -- is performance on last fold more relevant?
Correlating various diagnoses with amount of weight gained
How to show that the variances of 2 sets of 3D points are different?
Varying group coefficients in lme4
Improving the SVM classification of diabetes
Choosing variables for Discriminant Analysis
If mean is so sensitive, why use it in the first place?
Calculating confidence intervals via bootstrap on dependent observations
How well does R scale to text classification tasks?
How to test hypothesis  that correlation is equal to given value using R?
Given the power of computers these days, is there ever a reason to do a chi-squared test rather than Fisher's exact test?
ANOVA for non-normal heterogenous unequally replicated data
Eigenfunctions of an adjacency matrix of a time series?
When using the beta distribution as a prior distribution for binomial, why won't the distribution results match with the calculated probability?
Zero regression coefficient when correlations are not zero
Analysis hierarchical circular mixture data
When should one use multiple regression with dummy coding vs. ANCOVA?
Difference in statistical powers between two nested models
Gibbs sampling for a simple linear model -- need help with the likelihood function
Statistical significance for correlated significance tests
Checking if a nominal variable is important in a GLM model
AB Multi-variate testing - when can I eliminate worst performing variants?
Seeking suggestions for summarizing and visualizing data
Proving significantly better performance in binary forecasting
How to generate random sample with controlled repetition?
Grouping a other group with R and ggplot2
Designing a test for a psychic who says he can influence dice rolls
Is it possible to graph this?
Grouping data in ranges in R by summing them
What are the issues when performing an ANCOVA with a covariate that is influenced by experimental manipulation?
Getting the weights to compare AMORE NN models?
When the population has a known fixed size, are tables for the t statistic wrong?
Case weighted logistic regression
Non-normality in MANOVA with significant planned contrasts versus non-significance in Kruskal-Wallis- A Conundrum
A doubt about the cointegration tests
Efficient way to merge multiple dataframes in R
Sampling from a posterior distribution in SAS
Is there an R package which implements weighted maximum likelihood for Rasch models?
Bootstrapping with a small number of observations
Theoretical corrections of the training error for time series data
Forecasting time series based on a behavior of other one
What is the most computationally efficient way to sample from an unnormalized density?
Comparing two binary distributions
Estimating Markov chain probabilities
How to get forestplot to accept an expression in row label?
How to compute the gradient for logistic regression in Matlab?
Queuing theory question
Is there a way to measure the information content (or difference) in two matrices?
Highly irregular time series
Sample size via confidence intervals
What is a minimum sample size for a paired t-test and what is a non-parametric equivalent if data is non-normal?
General advice on modeling
How to compare proportions across different groups with varying population sizes?
In SAS, how do I perform a one sided test of the coefficient in a linear regression?
Dynamic mean of randomly distributed events
How many cases are needed for an extrapolation?
Theory on discriminant analysis in small sample size conditions
How to draw a random sample from distribution of prediction?
Random walks in multinomial case 
What are latest statistical challenges regarding missing data?
How to report hazard ratios from a Cox proportional hazards model in English?
What is a trend line?
Does the 'reference group' in a Cox proportional hazards model have to exist?
As a reviewer, can I justify requesting data and code be made available even if the journal does not?
Quantifying the loss of efficiency incurred by a pseudo-likelihood estimator relative to the true maximum likelihood estimator
Prediction with GLS
Logarithms and regression
Appropriateness of Wilcoxon signed rank test
Software needed to scrape data from graph
How can I convert a Gauss-Markov process to i.i.d. Gaussian process?
How to understand Bayesian statistics?
How to aggregate and merge these two data.frames?
How to test for significant differences in means across  four within subject conditions where dependent variable is a proportion?
GLM model validation
Degrees of freedom for Chi-squared test
How do you calculate standard errors for a transformation of the MLE?
Power calculation for a case-control study with a continuous outcome
Compendium of cross-validation techniques
How to plot a learning curve based on a sequence of date stamped successes and failures?
Quantiles from the combination of normal distributions
Support vector regression for multivariate time series prediction
Intuitive explanation for density of transformed variable?
Median adjusted normalization used in quantitative proteomics
Automating plotting CSV files quickly and with some level of artistic control
How can a regression be significant yet all predictors be non-significant?
Testing if data comes from a normal distribution with mean 0 and unknown variance in Matlab
Frequency of a wavelet filter
How to test for differences from baseline where dependent variable is non-normally distributed using SPSS?
Fractional integration and cointegration with R
What variation can I expect between lab results if the coefficient of variation is 9%?
Understanding bootstrapping for validation and model selection
Incidence density sampling in R 
Variable order and accounted variability in linear mixed-effects modeling
Creating point clusters of a specified size using R
Draw multiple plots on one graph in R?
Elliptic regression, basic conceptual question
Representing the anova's interaction in R
What is the distribution of this nearly-Hotelling statistic?
Not usual piecewise linear regression
Format for distance matrix for running hclust in R
What is the default significance level for chisq.test() in R?
How to interpret regression coefficients in logistic regression?
How to interpret Zivot & Andrews unit root test?
Regression of Y on different quantiles of X in Stata
Simulation and change of probability
Do image recognition efforts always rely on machine learning and statistics?
What do you call a chart that looks like a half pie chart with a needle indicating a percentage?
Specifying parameter constraints in nls()
Is the order important when applying unit root tests?
Plotting density in two different ways gives wildly different looking curves
Time dummies in ordered probit regression
Do you have a global vision on those analysis techniques?
How to analyse three independent variables and two dependent variables?
Visualizing multiple tables
Classification vs clustering
Acceptable r-square value for multiple linear regression model
Project management for remote collaboration in prediction
Are decision forests and random forests the same thing?
Are linearly dependent contrasts permitted when performing planned comparisons in within-subjects ANOVA?
How to test whether percentage is significantly greater than 50% after averaging across three experiments?
In SAS, is there a way to iterative refit a regression using different weights for observation with positive residual and negative residuals?
Did I find a bug in the tseries or urca packages?
Logistic regression with binary dependent and independent variables
How to plot a stair steps function with ggplot?
Scaling a distribution in JAGS
Reporting results of a logistic regression
How to choose number of lags for Zivot unit root test?
How to choose the tolerance parameter for ABC?
Testing significance of overlap in R
Identifying sequential patterns
How can I compare the relative effects between values of a categorical IV?
Simulate probit marginal effects with an interaction term
Is it appropriate to compare means using t-test where the raw data are percentages?
Lower bound for tail of hypergeometric distribution
Frequency range of wavelet packets decomposition at each level
How should I classify stores based on the demographics of their customers?
A problem using Bayesian modeling to impute a variable measured with error
Measure of similarity or distance between two symmetric covariance matrices
Meta-regression with dependent variables of different distributions
Eigenvectors corresponding to eigenvalues
Can I account for an unknown starting period while estimating reliability?
How do I interpret this Weibull plot?
Kendall's W for multiple objects and multiple surveys
Are Fisher's linear discriminant and logistic regression classifier related?
Similarity calculations for arrays
Is there a package for R that allows smoothing splines in GEE?
How to simulate the success of an RF packet transfer knowing the packet size and BER
How to forecast CPU demand from a time series?
How to perform regression on a nominal variable using many binary explanatory variables?
What to call this intermediate step in my maximum a posteriori calculation?
How to model missing statistics in an actuarial table of age related mortality rates?
How is the bayesian framework better in interpretation when we usually use uninformative or subjective priors?
Convergence proof for perceptron algorithm with margin
Using ANCOVA with data matched on propensity scores
Controlling unobserved determinants in time series regression
Selection of priors for a BYM spatial regression model
How to test for increases in categorical variable values measured over time?
Specifying $c=p(.)\cdot sp$ (Huggins) model in RMark
Auto.arima with daily data: how to capture seasonality/periodicity?
Interpreting the output of structural break detection function
Hessian of profile likelihood used for standard error estimation
Using an If condition inside SPSS syntax
Is an online chi square calculator available for larger tables?
Learning multiple output
Calculating confidence interval from binomial distribution
What method to detect structural breaks on time series?
Interpretation of n-way ANOVA results using different models in MATLAB
MCMC sampling of decision tree space vs. random forest
How can I estimate the probability of a random member from one population being better than a random member from a different population?
How to run JAGS as fast as possible on Mac?
Inter-rater reliability with many non-overlapping raters
Inference about the outcomes of two logistic regressions
Ordered category agreement
Model selection with AIC and model efficiency
Ripper algorithm on large data sets
How do I interpret interaction coefficients in a temporally lagged regression model?
Why does chi-square testing use the expected count as the standard deviation?
Bicubic/bilinear interpolation in R
Is it allowed to incorporate static covariates in Mixed effects models with time series data?
How to compare data with difference in scale?
Presenting logistic model fit graphically 
Does this distribution have a name? Or what is a stochastic process that could generate it?
Imputing/instrumenting for missing variables in a case-control study
How to visualise data from two variables: optimal response and proportion choosing response?
How to calculate stock volatility in %?
Poisson regression instead of log transformation of a continuous outcome variable?
Recursive partitioning using median (instead of mean)
What is the best tool for customer segmentation?
How to calculate derivative of the contractive auto-encoder regularization term?
Hypothesis testing terminology surrounding null
Quantifying how successful results of clustering are with a test
Fitting a probability distribution to zero inflated data in R
How to check if the volatility is stationary?
Confidence intervals of coefficients in polynomial regression
Comparing two GLMs using cross validation
Variable importance from GLMNET 
How to test the effect of condition on change scores for a possibly ordinal dependent variable?
Large scale text classification
Why is  the Breusch-Pagan test significant on simulated data designed not to be heteroscedastic?
Combining two pieces of evidence expressed as probabilities
Interpreting distance from hyperplane in SVM
Central limit theorem for sample quantiles
Adding correlation coefficients of time series
Suggest an exhaustive procedure that will find a separating vector for linearly separable pattern in a finite number of steps
libsvm training very slow on 100K rows, suggestions?
What is an elegant way of visualising two time series with many data points?
Weighted spatial clustering
Reliability and validity of a standard survey
Naive Bayes classifier for predicting performance
How to decode NOAA TREND files?
How to test the autocorrelation of the residuals?
How can it be proved that if number of samples are less than $d+1$, then the sample set is linearly separable?
Possible non-determinism in transcan from rms package
Problem with plotting with SAS
Meaning of p-values in regression
Expected value of a random variable in a range
How do I control for a confounding variable with this distribution?
Can I pass an at parameter for the x-axis locations of bars, to an R barplot?
Equivalent of PCA for regression with lots of examples?
How to specify specific contrasts for repeated measures ANOVA using car?
Efficient calculation of matrix inverse in R
Combining metrics for score card
Any suggestion for clustering method for unknown number of clusters and non-Euclidean distance?
Van Westendorp price modeling in R
Classifying IP addresses with a decision tree
Copula with 4 Poisson and 1 Bernoulli margins in R
Adjusting the sensitivity of a hexplot in R
Whether to enter all predictors at once or perform a hierarchical regression?
Multiclass classification when class distribution is known
Intraclass Correlation Coefficients (ICC) with Multiple Variables
What is the best survey method to use for conducting an annual risk and fraud survey?
Is SPSS giving the wrong residuals for a repeated measures design?
Right way to sample with prior information on another variable
How can I generate predictions from the randomSurvivalForest package in R?
Confidence measure for classification result from a MAP estimator
How to compare two or more correlation matrices?
The sum of prediction intervals
Averages of averages (of averages, of averages...)
How to assess prevalence of grossly inaccurate data in recorded body weights in medical records?
Proper test for time series
How are we defining 'reproducible research'?
Increasing the number of bins in a SAS 9.2 contour plot
What is a statistical test of whether a variable is uniformly distributed with kinks?
Inference in linear model with conditional heteroskedasticity
How to estimate the absolute expected difference?
Question about independence assumption for ANOVA, t-test, and non-parametric tests
Generate a random variable with a defined correlation to an existing variable
Comparing classifier performance
Working with correlation coefficients
How do I make this plot using R?
How to combine two hazard ratios from the study for a meta-analysis?
How to calculate a 95% confidence interval from time data?
How to accurately quantify forecast uncertainty in a special case of robust linear regression?
What's the correct distribution for page reading time?
Bagging with oversampling for rare event predictive models
R package for marketing
Discriminating periodic signals from aperiodic ones
Problem with ARIMA in Minitab
Determining the significance of a set ordering
Clustering using the pam algorithm in R
Bayesian AB testing
How to assess goodness of fit of a particular nonlinear model?
How is an ANOVA calculated for a repeated measures design?
Is this a two way ANOVA with replicates?
Forecasting binary time series
How to detect changepoint with a bit of tolerance?
Kalman filter vs. smoothing splines
Predicting a maximum value with little data
Why are Gaussian discriminant analysis models called so?
Determining the variables when training a/classifying with a random forest
What are Pu and Pz in the Phillips & Ouliaris cointegration test?
How do you write up Tukey post-hoc findings?
What if a numerator term is zero in Naive Bayes?
What test is appropriate for comparing demographic data across time?
Java support for PMML
What is compound symmetry in plain english?
Should the difference between control and treatment be modelled explicitly or implicitly?
How to understand the plotting of the cox.zph function in R?
What is the best way to use a 2-class classifier for a multi-category case?
Reducing size of PMML DataDictionary and MiningSchema elements
Grouped income data in Stata or SAS
Evaluating and combining methods based on ROC and PR curves
How to do a paired test when some cases have no pair?
Are there differences in Bayesian and frequentist approaches to EDA?
How to create a dataset with conditional probability?
Fisher's criterion distribution
Problem with k-means used to initialize HMM
How to interpret coefficients produced by the sem function in R?
Variable transformation for factor analysis
Detect statistical anomalies
Are nominal attributes strict classifications and equivalent to enumerations in programming languages?
Significance testing of three or more correlations using Fisher's transformation
Precision and recall for clustering?
Poisson regression in a survival setting on a simulated set
Fisher's exact test on 2x4 table
Difference between homoscedastic and homogenic-variance data
Graphing effect size for coefficient of determination
Can I delete excessive number of multivariate outliers, like over 10% in sample?
Text categorization/classification for small scale text
Outlier detection in short time series with two seasonalities
How to perform power analysis using simulation in Stata
How to interpret the divergence of Fisher information expectation?
Dirichlet distribution plot in R
What is a good Monte Carlo algorithm for generating an archipelago in a particular map?
Will quantum computing allow new statistical techniques?
Understanding repeated measure ANOVA assumptions for correct interpretation of SPSS output
Constraining linear regression to yield nonpositive residuals
Analysis of influence against weighted edges and attributes
How can these residuals have homogeneity of variances?
High dimensional volume entropy estimator
How to interpret p-values of 0 or 1?
Post hoc chi-square test
C# ARMA library
In natural language parsing, what is the feature function?
Controlling p-value in SPSS
What is the relation between two IIN mean zero random variables?
Testing regime change in SAS
Mean of means by a factor versus global mean
Bonferroni for outlier detection?
List of topics for a 'quantitative reasoning' course
Literature on generating similar synthetic time series from observed time series
How can this series pass the structural change test?
How to reload the WinBUGS computation results to bugs object again?
Combining two unequal normal distributions
What does more than chance mean?
IRR on two raters’ integer scores
Change-point in Cox survival model
Optimizing parameters via simple visualisation technique
Problem with calculating $R^2$
Hierarchical clustering with mixed type data - what distance/similarity to use?
When to use weighted Euclidean distance and how to determine the weights to use?
Chi-square test for checking if values are close to zero?
Combining errors in a histogram (binned data)
Testing the likelihood that two percentages are equal
Can random effects apply only to categorical variables?
How to group-center / standardize variables in R?
Does the order of explanatory variables in logistic regression change the results?
Orthogonal sampling, latin hypercubes and low discrepancy sequences
Online site to easily generate stats on census data
Looking for estimates for my data using cumulative beta distribution
How to interpret the divergence of Fisher information expectation
How to read result from Kolmogorov-Smirnov one-sample test in SPSS?
Calculating 90% confidence intervals in regression to identify outlying data
How should I deal with the consequences of proportional hazards violations in log-rank (and related) tests?
How dummy variable can be analyzed in panel data using fixed effects in Stata?
How to test for differences between medians of multiple Likert items?
Calculating % unsampled in sampling with replacement
Handling large data sets in R -- tutorials, best practices, etc
Which algorithm to compute p-value of logrank test with three or more groups is best?
Maximum likelihood estimation procedures for state-space linear models
Error bars when the variables are related
Model errors, residuals and heteroscedasticity
Understanding statistical control charts
Validating a predicted standard deviation
How to calculate a confidence level for a Poisson distribution?
Modeling response times
What are good techniques and resources for teaching Bayes theorem?
Negative $\beta$ in mediation regression analysis
How to find a marginal distribution from a joint distribution?
Length normalization in a naive Bayes classifier for documents
How should I characterize the typical variance of a large collection of variables?
Similarity / dissimilarity of two large bimodal datasets
Estimating the functional form of the slowly time-varying variance of a Gaussian process
Estimate non-parametric prediction interval
Constructing a naive recession forecast
When should I use $E(X)$ and when to use $\mu$  for the mean?
How to deal with this design?
Bank acquisition effect
Online calculator for power analysis: what value to give?
t-test that means are the same?
How to analyse pre-post quasi-experimental study with an additional baseline measure?
Logistic regression for questionnaires on 7 points Likert scale
How to compute prediction bands for non-linear regression?
What does case-control and cross-sectional mean in the context of logistic modeling?
Whether to delete cases that are flagged as outliers by statistical software when performing multiple regression?
Kruskal-Wallis or Fligner test to check homogeneity of variances?
How to graph quantitative and qualitative improvement in human health related measures?
Autocorrelation and heteroskedasticity in panel data
Machine learning task with feedback loop
When using stratified randomization in a RCT, how many envelopes per stratum should be prepared?
How to characterize a problem of standardizing product descriptions
Probability of two people meeting
Automatic text quality grading
Formula for comparing the youth of different groups?
Determine optimal (recurring) frequency of discrete values
How to make a forest plot with Excel?
How to interpret and test for a significant difference between two correlations drawn from independent groups (e.g., males and females)?
Prediction vs. tolerance interval
How do joint test, r-squared behave when using autocorrelation / heteroskedasticity robust std. errors?
Is Fisher's exact test appropriate if one cell is much larger than the rest?
How to derive the variance of a weighted moving average?
Why the Breusch-Pagan test fails if I set the intercept to zero?
Bias of autocorrelation function in finite sample for ARMA processes
Is significance more important than absolute value?
Predictive model for network data
Multiple linear regression, multi-period data and p-values
Plotting a boxplot against multiple factors in R with ggplot2
Standard error and p-values of exponential smoothing weights
Funnel plot with asymmetrical point sizes
Average number of cards of a particular suit in a hand
Imputing missing data for Likert scale variables
Is it appropriate to identify and remove outliers because they cause problems?
Testing homoscedasticity with Breusch-Pagan test
Convergence problem when adjusting for the effect of a lot of centres
Converting standard error to standard deviation?
What's the difference between $p(x \mid \theta)$ and $p(x; \theta)$?
Estimating the intersection of two lines
Is it appropriate to examine an interaction effect that is almost statistically significant?
Measuring tariff evasion before and after tariff cut
What more does differencing (d>0) do in ARIMA than detrend?
Distribution of a ratio of uniforms: What is wrong?
How to perform a 4 by 4 mixed ANOVA  with between- and within-subjects contrasts using R?
Improving data analysis through a better visualization of data?
Online tool for testing voting systems?
Is it reasonable to delete a large number of outliers from a dataset?
How to compute the power of Wilcoxon test?
How to assess whether a correlation between play and number of friends holds in different contexts?
Validation of clustering results
How can I test the quality of a RNG?
Assessing the effect of adding a variable using stepwise forward logistic regression using Stata?
Hidden Markov models and expectation maximization algorithm
Clustering of 10's of millions of high dimensional data
How to get started with applying item response theory and what software to use?
Putting a confidence interval on the mean of a very rare event
How to analyse a moderator effect in hierarchical multiple regression with covariates?
How to create common effect size estimate for meta-analysis based on a mix of mean changes and raw group means and standard deviations?
Volatility of x and y variables in linear regression?
How to convert a frequency table into a vector of values?
Convert SAS NLMIXED code for zero-inflated gamma regression to R
Ordered sampling of uniform variables
What is wrong with lagged regressor in time series regression?
What is the advantage of transforming variables from nominal to ordinal/numerical when it reduces variance explained in CatPCA?
How to find duplicate cases in a large dataset?
How to describe study design looking at effect of a training program on two age groups  and how do I calculate required sample size?
How to test the correlation between two variables in 50+ data subsets for statistical significance?
Best practices for measuring and avoiding overfitting?
Modelling gaps in a Poisson regression
Why are most standard goodness of fit tests based only on continuous distributions?
How to statistically and graphically compare distributions for nine groups where group sample sizes are unequal?
Performing contrasts among treatment levels in survival analysis
vcovHC, vcovHAC, NeweyWest – which function to use?
Does x per y always refer to the arithmetic mean?
Interpretation of AIC, BIC and KIC
Survey regression in R with singleton PSUs
Why does the OLS estimator simplify as follows for the single regressor case?
Pearson and Spearman correlations - how to determine if they are similar?
Robust cluster method for mixed data in R
p-value for nonlinear equation
Reaction norms model in R
How to calculate linear regression with Libre Office?
Disagregating overall growth into contributing factors
Is Pearson's correlation the best method to compare strength of relationship between two Likert items across groups?
Norm of residuals to measure goodness of fit
Interactive tool for plotting data points with filter and search capabilities
How to test for differences between two group means when the data is not normally distributed?
Best way to get started with and learn R
Why does a paired t-test (when appropriate) result in better variance?
The unimodality of a generalised binomial distribution
Probability theory books for self-study
Interpretation of Shapiro test
Kalman Filter forecasting
How to sample a statistic?
How to show whether there's a significant higher rate?
How to calculate Sidak correction by hand?
Variance of coefficients in nonlinear regression
Confidence of a variance estimate
Is it valid to include a baseline measure as control variable when testing the effect of an independent variable on change scores?
How to use Levene test function in R?
How to compare group means for two samples with t-test using R?
How can I implement multiclass k-NN?
Metric for cross-comparing vectors of multiple values for a few class labels
Poisson deviance - and what about zero observed values?
Response variable with exponential distribution - how to analyse?
Difference between soft k-means and fuzzy c-means
Who said Tell a story with the data?
What are some quick initial tests to check the quality of a new dataset?
Matlab's quadprog equivalent in python?
Workflow for using R with LyX for a statistical analysis?
Metric for probability based classification
Finding k-representatives from a 2 dimensional data set
How to report effect size measures r and r-squared and what is a non-technical explanation of them?
Mediation analysis with curvilinear mediator and categorical predictors
Finding a function for data points with disturbances
How to calculate mean absolute error using cross-validation?
Where to find mathematical modeling help on low-budget project?
How to calculate an overall job satisfaction score and test group differences?
Computing repeatability of effects from an lmer model
Interpretation of coefficients in polynomial regression for predictive modeling
What article or book clearly states that one can't use protected t-tests in within subjects ANOVA?
Measuring individual player effectiveness in 2-player per team sports
What is the Bayesian counterpart to a two-sample t-test with unequal variances?
Is there a qualitatively useful statistic or approach to an ill-behaving sample average?
How can I simulate census microdata for small areas using a 1% microdata sample at a large scale and aggregate statistics at the small area scale?
Smoothing when standard errors are known/estimated
Computing regression coefficient values in OLS
Repeated measures ANOVA for circular / angular / directional data
How best to graphically represent an r-square effect-size measure?
How to calculate a Gaussian kernel effectively in numpy
Help with pretest-posttest data analysis
Estimating the x-intercept of an arbitrary monotonically increasing function
How to sample clustering to estimate precision and recall?
Software for learning statistical quality control 
Explicit formulation of predict() output of an orthogonal polynomial regression?
How can I combine histograms with a density plot in R?
Handling NLP probability results
What is the difference between graph clustering and community detection methods?
Re-estimate classification model with biased data
-1 df for a saturated model with ML estimator?
Inconsistency in calculating the Calinski-Harabasz index for a given clustering in R
Comparing reproducible research strategies: brew or Sweave vs. R2HTML
How do you show that two populations are statistically similar?
What is a reasonable sample size for correlation analysis for both overall and sub-group analyses?
Are the following GLM models nested?
How to summarise the ordering pattern of a set of four stimuli by participants?
How to develop a forecast for counts where the counts per period is low?
Level shifts in an ARIMA model: fewer are better?
Extracting fixed effects table output from lme object
How to interpret categorical variables in an OLS when only one category is statistically significant?
Are confidence intervals open or closed intervals?
Paired multiarm bandit
Why is the square root of the product of two regression coefficients, one from X predicting Y and vice versa equal to the correlation?
Allow data to dictate the priors and then run the model using these priors? (e.g., data-driven priors from same data set)
What is the proper way to estimate the CDF for a distribution from samples taken from that distribution?
How to conduct a meta-analysis on studies that report results variously as odds ratios, hazards ratios, or rate ratios?
How do I test whether one predictor is significantly better than another? Is Hotelling's T the best option?
Which robust correlation methods are actually used?
Resources and R code for analysing advanced experimental designs?
How to predict future reservations when data for the current day is incomplete?
Pseudorandom sequence whose values can be computed directly for given seed?
Add a column to a dataframe based on a probability distribution
Computer specs for R?
How to make a forest plot for single experimental group using event rate and sample size?
Summary statistic for an error measurement
How to analyse a study where measures are taken repeatedly from right and left legs in five walking conditions?
Probability of throwing same sequence of 13 heads or tails
Can I use a paired t-test when the samples are normally distributed but their difference is not?
How to create a ratio distribution from samples?
Evaluating a clinical test
Plot of the estimated log hazard ratio in R
Why do people often run a regression with and without control variables?
Unit root tests, stationarity, and the null hypothesis
How to interpret and report  eta squared / partial eta squared in statistically significant and non-significant analyses?
How can I set up a zero-inflated poisson in JAGS?
What is the variance of the maximum of a sample?
What is the curse of dimensionality?
Variance of product of dependent variables
How to find confidence intervals for ratings?
Is $SSE/(n−2)$  an estimator of the variance of the dependent variable for a fixed x-value?  
What is the difference between margin of error and standard error?
How to test for differences between treatment groups over time?
LDA cutoff (decision boundary) value
Why is it a statistical sin to run a large number of correlations and only report the statistically significant ones?
How to calculate sample size per condition if given overall df? and How to calculate Cohen's D given mean, t, standard error, and df?
How to apply a soft coefficient constraint to an OLS regression?
Is there a name for models that are based on a given conditional distribution only?
Getting started with multivariate testing
Why don't my two-stage least squares results make sense?
How to calculate  95% confidence intervals for  partial eta squared and eta squared?
What does unbiasedness mean?
Sum or mean of several related hypergeometric distributions
Allowed comparisons of mixed effects models
How can I determine if there's a statistically significant difference between two averages?
How to find a fitted statistical model to a series of data?
Distribution of betas in multiple linear regression
How to fit a continuous empirical variable to a theoretical distribution?
Algorithms and methods for attribute/feature selection?
How to handle data imbalance in classification?
How best to reduce dimensionality of a dataset composed of events and trials?
Best algorithm for classifying time series motor data
Density related to sparseness measure
How do I avoid overlapping labels in an R plot?
Is sampling from data, getting a statistic and repeating this process to get a mean of the statistic a Monte Carlo method? 
Slope and intercept of linear equation of uniformly distributed variables
Setting the threshold p-value as part of hypothesis generation
How to analyse this data obtained from a simple physics experiment on attractive forces?
Regression in projective space?
How to test for differences in ratings for two devices where each device is rated on a multiple item scale?
How to find  regions where points are localized in a non-random fashion? 
Is it possible to have negative values in a simple slope analysis for dichotomous predictors?
How to save individual residuals from an observed endogenous variable in a structural equation model?
Is sampling from a folded normal distribution equivalent to sampling from a normal distribution truncated at 0?
Understanding entropy/salience of probability distribution of two data sets
How to create multiple scatter plots in SPSS arranged in a table like format?
Is it reasonable to treat a three point Likert dependent variable as a continuous variable?
Why is data grouped or binned in this way?
Sample comparison with unknown missingness or deflation
Machine learning in web application?
How to set the optimal number of simulations
How do stochastic simulations work?
Change and anomaly detection
Test to compare user interfaces
What method can be used to detect seasonality in data?
Sampling considerations in psychometric applications of item response theory
Difference between Step validation and Cross validation
For two offset sampled data series, what is the best estimate of the offset between them?
Flipping test and control groups
How to understand if the points are constant around a line?
Datasets for data visualization examples, teaching and research
Optimization for marketing allocation in R 
Local polynomial (linear) regression of binary data --- logit transformation?
Should a predictor, significant on its own but not with other predictors, be included in an overall multinomial logistic regression?
Detecting Numerical Trends
Calculate quality estimates for distribution of real data
Narrow confidence interval -- higher accuracy?
How to test the variance in timeseries?
Making big, smart(er) bets
Interaction suppresses the main effect? How to interpret it?
Solving constrained system of linear equations with R
How can I calculate confidence intervals and determine statistical significance for each cell in a contigency table?
Getting critics to recognize that two similar input patterns refer to the same output-performance relationship
What do you call an average that does not include outliers?
Correcting for outliers in a running average
Algorithms to eliminate or display outliers in a dataset
What correlation method should I use to analyze financial timeseries?
What is the difference between testing of hypothesis and test of significance?
Testing the difference of (some) quantile-Q between groups?
How to define marked point processes?
How to develop a model predicting quality of life from a wide range of demographic, stress, and health measures?
Fourier data with non-integer periods, correcting for phase bias
Higher order generalization of the multivariate normal distribution
How to succinctly report the correlation between two variables for 20 different subsets of the data in a table?
Poisson binomial distribution PMF conjecture
Histogram for a sample in Python easily?
How is it possible that these variances are equal?
Calculating the probability of gene list overlap between an RNA seq and a ChIP-chip data set
Is it possible for  $R^2$ of a regression on two variables be higher than the sum of $R^2$ for two regressions on the individual variables?
What does it mean when you get strange model fit statistics in AMOS?
How to test whether variance explained by first factor of PCA differs across repeated measures conditions?
Why is a t-test necessary given that we have the z-test?
Given the advancements in statistical testing, can estimating correlations be an end in itself?
Can one leave out data from  research because it is not significant?
Whether to use multivariate F test, df adjusted estimate, or sphericity assumed in repeated measures ANOVA?
Do I need p-value adjustment for multiple ANOVAs on the same dataset?
Some exercises related to sampling and the normal distribution
How to generate nD point process?
Assessing error of a spatial interpolation algorithm
Is it a problem that the sizes of randomized groups can differ?
Testing data-generating hypotheses for reaction times
How to predict when the next event occurs, based on times of previous events?
Different optimal number of boosting iterations obtained from OOB and on test
Dimensionality reduction technique to maximize separation of known clusters?
How to test a directional hypothesis using ANOVA?
What is the difference between confidence intervals and hypothesis testing?
Predicting total number of bugs based on number of bugs revealed by each tester
One-sided Fisher's exact test and its complement
How to rescale  two questionnaires that use slightly different response scales in order to make them comparable?
Are the random variables $X$ and $f(X)$ dependent?
How to perform coefficient test in linear model with robust covariance matrix?
How to draw a conclusion about an hypothesis if one study obtains p < .05 and a second study obtains p > .05?
Testing for linear dependence among the columns of a matrix
How to perform principal components analysis (or factor analysis) on binary data (using SPSS)?
Logistic regression linear hyperplane
How to sample from a normal distribution with known mean and variance using a conventional programming language?
How to assess whether experimental measurements obtained from different technicians are biased?
What is the expected gain from taking a winner's bet?
Difference between ~lp() or simply ~ in R's locfit 
How to test homogeneity of variance if the data may not be normally distributed?
How to compute the confidence interval of the ratio of two normal means
How to get the points of a linear regression line?
Selecting regression model for a non-negative integer response
Variable selection and forecasting with regARIMA models
How do you find the average in this Poisson Distribution problem?
How to solve Chuck-a-Luck puzzle
Simulation of an exponentially distributed variable
What statistical test to use to assess whether a medical procedure is related to recurrent disease?
Using the hypergeometric distribution for skipping events in transcriptome sequencing
How to calculate the probability that the maximum of two independent standard normal distributions is greater than zero?
What is a complete list of the usual assumptions for linear regression? 
When to use generalized estimating equations vs. mixed effects models?
Change points in the mean and in the variance using R
Free and concise statistics tutorials to give out as a refresher
How to calculate sample size for comparing the area under the curve of two models?
Adjusted vs. unadjusted effects in regression
What makes the formula for fitting logistic regression models in Hastie et al maximum likelihood?
How to interpret the margin of error in a poll?
Using the sde package in R to simulate a SV model with leverage
Where can I find information about using SPSS for EFA and CFA? Is PCA (two samples) and reliability sufficient for scale development?
Does PCA have any advantages or usages in the frequency domain? 
How are epidemic models simulated in case of mobility?
Does including both raw  and per capita measures as predictors reduce significance of either predictor?
How do you calculate eigenvector/value of a non-square matrix in R?
What is a good general purpose plain text data format like that used for Bibtex?
What is the rationale for using scoring methods after logistic regression?
Apriori algorithm in plain English?
What is the difference between Kalman filter and moving average?
3D axial statistics on a surface
Average number of failures before success
What is the relationship between a p-value and a confidence interval?
Compressing an integer series
How to test whether the probability of a given colour of skittle is equal to that of another colour?
How to quickly select important variables from a very large dataset?
What are ways to deal with circular covariates (e.g. with a GAM)?
A/B Testing of a probability, interpreting results of online conversion test
Minimum cluster size requirements? Minimum sample size requirements for clustered standard errors?
What is the statistical justification of interpolation?
How to determine the number of nearby samples for spatial estimation?
Difference between confidence intervals and prediction intervals
About kernel based estimates
What does interaction depth mean in GBM?
In linear regression, is the $R^2$ value enough to assess whether the relationship between the independent and dependent variable is linear?
Is sample mean the best estimation of distribution mean in some sense?
Calculating likelihood from RMSE
PDF for a function of random variables 
Error bars in interaction plot for ANOVA
Why is this normal probability plot graph skewed right?
How can I calculate the confidence interval of a mean in a non-normally distributed sample?
How to test reliability of an index when the index is composed of distinct facets?
Is R's trimmed means function biased?
What is statistical efficiency of the median?
Properties of logistic regressions
Determine gradient from past samples
How to perform non-parametric ANCOVA adjusting for differences in age and sex?
Density of a quadratic transformation of a normal random variable
How can I be confident about my forecasts and improve my methodologies?
How to perform repeated measures ordinal logistic regression using SPSS?
Without multi-level modeling, how to handle within-study replication in a meta-analysis, where the study is the unit of replication?
Probability of mean of random sample being in a certain range
How to find the optimal cutoff-points in a non-linear relationship?
How to test whether a covariance matrix has changed over two time points?
What type of regression analysis is best to model the relationship between self-efficacy and activity level over three time points?
How does the size of a dataset affect confounding in both randomised trials and observational studies?
Hidden Markov model (forward algorithm) in R
What is the effect of dichotomising variables?
What are alternatives to scatterplots when studying the relationship between two numeric variables?
How to interpret basic output from a regression analysis?
Are confidence intervals always symmetrical around the point estimate?
How do I compare d-prime scores for 2 different conditions for the same individual?
Best way to find non-randomness regions in these or similar count data?
Goniometer data analysis
Bootstrapping estimates of out-of-sample error
Different F-ratios for within subjects effects when using SPSS and R's aov
Whether and how to perform VIF and Condition Index on formative measurement model?
Computing ridge regression with prior different from 0
Multiple linear regression on a data set with Python?
What is the variance of the weighted mixture of two gaussians?
Why would all the tests for normality reject the null hypothesis?
Binary classifications problem where number of negative instances is much larger than number of positive instances
Calculating/approximating complete Mantel statistic from bootstrap estimates
Which type of regression to use, considering one variable with upper bound?
Semi-supervised learning, active learning and deep learning for classification
What are essential rules for designing and producing plots?
How to calculate overall rankings/ratings from many pairwise comparisons?
How to determine larger probability of drawing one element from a set when set size and number of draws with replacement vary?
Benefits on kernel trick and one related question
How to get the correlation between two large (sparse) matrices?
Is this mixed ANOVA correctly specified in R?
Understanding expectation of data points estimators
How to perform ANCOVA on mixed experimental design where covariate is one level of a condition using R?
What is a good index of the degree of violation of normality and what descriptive labels could be attached to that index?
What inter-rater reliability test is best for continous data with multiple measures?
How to control for firm survival and allow for different firm types to emerge?
How can I get a significant overall ANOVA but no significant pairwise differences with Tukey's procedure?
Fitting data based on an unobserved variable
Finding number of gaussians in a finite mixture with Wilks' theorem?
Book review of A Practitioner's Guide to Resampling for Data Analysis, Data Mining and Modeling
Does it make sense to regress the residuals with rep(0, N) vector?
Estimator for a binomial distribution
Why would I use ANOVA instead of a Rank-Sum test?
Why is gender typically coded 0/1 rather than 1/2, for example?
How to interpret  VIF and Condition Index for the purpose of assessing reliability of formative measures?
What are good resources providing a history of statistics?
What rules should guide scaling variables to maximise interpretation, particularly within a regression context?
Weighted regression for categorical variables
Reason for taking the mean of experimental observations
How to deal with outliers?
Does standardising independent variables reduce collinearity?
GMM with Bayes decision model
Are all ordinal attribute types nominal?
Does a huge difference in the number of observations in a dummy variable influence its regression result?
How can I test for trend across ordinal groups in Stata?
How to find a confidence interval for a contrast?
Finding expectation of reciprocal of sample mean
Measure of central tendency for an ex-gaussian distribution
Can median polish be used for hypothesis testing?
How to explain certain patterns appearing after kernel averaging?
Dummying a dataset in R in a vectorized manner
Interpreting percentage units regression 
Software for drawing bayesian networks (graphical models)
Which kernel function for Watson Nadaraya classifier?
How to reduce question set of a poorly designed questionnaire?
Is there always a maximizer for any MLE problem?
Why does post hoc test on pair of group means become significant when looking at subset of levels of factor in ANOVA?
p-value of 1.00 for a dichotomous predictor -- possible reasons for this oddity?
How to examine effect of time over four time points across two experimental conditions?
Why is AIC from multinom and corresponding glm different?
What test is suitable to calculate the correlation between two matrices of spatially distributed variables?
When is multiple comparison correction necessary?
How to condition a point process to the actual sampling data?
How can I perform joint Schur decomposition or joint spectral decomposition?
Reading only two out of three columns with read.csv
Means of groups A and B differ significantly. I want to classify values into A or B
Is there a known MLE for the numerator df of a sample of F statistics?
Derive P(C | A+B) from Cox's two rules
Specifying selectively-nested random factors in R lmer
A/B/C testing evaluation over time ans across groups
How to get started in data-relation algorithms and mathematics?
Using hypothesis-testing to identify misleading picture captions
Adding a line in a lmList confint plot
Plotting scatterplot with non-dominated front in R
How do you put values over a simple bar chart in Excel?
How to log transform Z-scores?
Testing simultaneous and lagged effects in longitudinal mixed models with time-varying covariates
What descriptive statistics should be reported in tables and graphs when using Friedman's nonparametric test?
Order statistic expectations and the variance of the original distribution
How to detect outliers in randomForest regression models?
How can I add the values of some variables given in one data set by the nature of the variables given in another data sets?
Is the Kalman filter actually forecasting?
Variance of a marginal order distribution less than the variance of the full distribution?
Log squared error accuracy justification: data mining competition
What exactly does 'representative sample' refer to?
Is the variance of each group unknown in one-way ANOVA?
How to speed up clustering analysis in R?
A mixed model with gamma distribution: handling zeros
Why might the means estimated by GLM ANOVA differ from those calculated by hand?
Notation conventions for random variables and their distributions
How to estimate measurement error on  spatially autocorrelated gridded data when aggregating grid cells
If a sequence of distributions converges to a degenerate, does that imply the variance strictly decreases?
Bayesian statistics for the working scientist
Asymptotics of the survival function for Anderson Darling distribution?
How do I adjust standard errors in a research study in which the control group is constructed via matching with replacement?
Is Latin hypercube sampling effective in multiple dimensions?
Ideas for lab notebook software?
Plotting ECDF (empirical cumulative distribution frequencies) with R
A random censored regression problem?
Can you still use the least significant difference test even if the F test is not significant?
Proper name for this distribution type
What is the procedure for a mixed effects analysis of covariance?
What distributions are for the slope and for the intercept in linear regression?
Proper ways to perform time series and ARIMA
Why would significance of F-value change in linear regression if you change the reference group?
How to understand degrees of freedom?
How to compute composite score of rank order variables?
Which link function for a regression when Y is continuous between 0 and 1?
How can I calculate proportion of variance of an aggregate time-series accounted for by the variance of a sub-series?
Is the term Shannon filter appropriate for a naive filter based on the Shannon information entropy of a data set?
Does the importance of the normality assumption in MANOVA decrease as sample size increases?
How do I transform a data generation specification in R into a BUGS/JAGS specification
Why is it bad to teach students that p-values are the probability that findings are due to chance?
Why do people use the term weight of evidence and how does it differ from pointwise mutual information?
How many data points to fit an ex-Gaussian distribution?
Difference between t-test and ANOVA in linear regression
Appropriate probability threshold for Jarque-Bera test
How to plot multiple loess curves in a xyplot panel data?
How to specify Bayesian mixed effects model in BUGS
How to detect structural change in a timeseries
Effective sample size for test of independence
How to sequence z-score creation and log transformation in an experiment with multiple groups and conditions?
How to plot multiple users' deviations from predictions of bandwidth consumption over time?
Can I use principal component analysis loadings to reduce number of variables for inclusion in a cluster analysis?
How to interpret 95%CI's in conjunction with significance tests for differences between group means?
What is the difference between sample variance and sampling variance?
How to report general precision in estimating correlations within a context of justifying sample size?
Pearson correlation coefficient on multiple parameters
Why is the design effect in most sample studies taken as 1.25? 
Bootstrap variables correlation in R
Overcoming Excel size limit to analyse a large network usage data
Accuracy of a random classifier
Why are all the spearman's rho correlations with one variable low when the other variables all have moderate correlations?
What causes standardised regression coefficients in a confirmatory factor analysis to be greater than one?
Interpretation of incidence-rate ratios
R's aov() vs STATISTICA and the ChickWeight data
Is it permissible to run post-hoc tests after a non-significant ANOVA?
One Bayes classifier to rule them all?
Variant of discriminant analysis for known multiple independent classifications?
Multiclass transductive SVM software package?
Proving a sequence decreases (supported by plotting a large number of pts)
Statistics on mathematical data?
How to calculate quartiles with only standard deviation and mean assuming normal distribution?
Can categorical data only take finitely or countably infinitely many values?
Single exponential smoothing
What are some standard practices for creating synthetic data sets?
Power for two sample t test
Comparing standard deviations between variables with very different ranges
Statistical analysis on categories before text classification
Generalize the usage of moments in method of moments?
Difference between bias-variance dilemma and overfitting
How to best save intermediate results computed from an R data.frame?
Explanation for R-squared as ratio of covariances and variances
How to test  a logistic regression model developed on a training sample on the data left out using R?
Estimate confidence interval of mean by bootstrap t method or simply by bootstrap?
What is a good resource that includes a comparison of the pros and cons of different classifiers?
How to identify suitable variables to assess confounding, mediation and effect modification?
Equivalence of Poisson and Weibull PH regression in a survival setting
Math Statistics Bell Curve Computing % correct given 2 numbers (C#)
Text classification with RapidMiner
Completeness of tests based on a monotone likelihood ratio family
PCA and FA example - calculation of communalities
What are density and intensity of point pattern?
Simple relative frequency calculation, confusing wording
I know the probability of an outcome in a sample, how to apply to population?
Cluster similarity percentages with inverted Y-axis in R
Why efficiency matters?
Measuring entropy/ information/ patterns of a 2d binary matrix
Should I run separate regressions for every community, or can community simply be a controlling variable in an aggregated model?
Classic linear model - model selection
How to visualize large amount of particles?
Category selection for text classification
Good practices when doing time series forecasting
Lift measure in data mining
Ordered logit in JAGS
Balls with weight in an urn
Likelihood function for a multiperiod probit with autoregressive latent variable
How can I make my R nls model more stable?
How to average Spearman correlations?
Statistical significance of genes associated with multiple phenotypes
Why there is usually no correction for multiple comparisons in Bayesian statistics
What are the cons of Bayesian analysis?
How to verify extremely low error rates
Are there examples of R packages changing dramatically between version such that the results of a statistical function were significantly different?
Prediction intervals for a Poisson count (in R)
How to find when a graph reaches a peak and plateaus?
How to edit features of a chart from SPSS in MS Word?
Can you compare p-values of Kolmogorov Smirnov tests of normality of two variables to say which is more normal?
A problem with two ways of calculating AIC
How many correlations are too many?
Do Julian day number handle timezone offset?
Problem printing greyscale or B&W ggplot2 images
Testing endogeneity against decision probability
Estimating a p-value when you can't compute it for the whole set
Is there a good reason for the name Missing at Random?
A good book with equal stress on theory and math
Chi square based measure for fairness?
Is there a reference that legitimises the use of the unpooled z-test to compare two proportions?
Interpreting exp(B) in multinomial logistic regression
Is dynamically increasing the sample size okay, if stated a priori?
General linear hypothesis test statistic: equivalence of two expressions
Usage of the Friedman test
Coordinate descent for binomial decision in elastic net for logistic regression
Estimating error from repeated measurements
Restricted mean residual life: Survival analysis: Discrete
L1 regression versus L2 regression
When over/under-sampling unbalanced classes, does maximizing accuracy differ from minimizing misclassification costs?
How to calculate a confidence Interval for a mean of subjects from two sessions?
What are the hot algorithms for machine learning?
Mean Survival Time: Comparison of Continuous and Discrete Time
Second moment of draws from a multivariate normal covariance matrix
How to explain linear mixed models to laypeople?
What test to use for overlapping categories
Vertical line graphs in R
Finding the distribution and/or fitting a model (to a biological problem)
Looking for correct distribution for modelling foosball scoring
How to develop intuition about parameter estimation in AR-GARCH model?
What is the lasso in regression analysis?
How to calculate mean and standard deviation of a count variable when the raw data is based on frequency categories?
Odd problem with a histogram in R with a relative frequency axis
Interpreting coefficients from a VECM (Vector Error Correction Model)
How to obtain detrended data and demeaned data in Stata?
Examples of costly consequences from improper use of statistical tools
Is sequential Bayesian updating an option when using MCMC?
Compare modeled (fitted) paired data to actual data in forecasting problem (Excel sheet included)
Differences in coefficients
What does T statistics of information coefficient indicate?
Problem with Bioconductor/limma on two-color factorial design: Coefficients not estimable
PCA to decorrelate variables
Parametric modelling of variance of count data
Is my data distribution normal? (Tried Shapiro and Kolmogornov-Smirnov tests)
Hypothesis testing and total variation distance vs. Kullback-Leibler divergence
Estimating upper bound of uniform distribution from max of sample
Why proc mixed give different DF than proc glimmix?
Chi square statistic and contingency coefficients
Calculation of canonical link function in GLM
If F = F1+F2 is some measured random field, how to find out if F2 has been correctly estimated and subtracted?
How to justify the error term in ANOVA?
Mixing and dividing point processes
Determining the influential features for an outcome
Statistical test for multiple conditions and features with replicates
What statistical test to use to examine effect of condition on states over time?
What is the difference between generalized estimating equations and GLMM?
The prisoner paradox
How exactly does one “control for other variables”?
Guessing the appropriate 'distribution' of an observation to perform some form of sensitivity analysis
Is there a nonparametric equivalent of Tukey HSD?
How to perform factor and canonical correlation analysis on correlation matrices in R?
What is the difference between exponential and geometric distribution?
How to interpret  two standard deviations below the mean of a count variable being less than zero?
Analyzing the added effect of an individual variable having fitted one variable already, using a generalized linear model
How to examine differences between two groups across three different experimental conditions?
Is it appropriate to report means and standard deviations for composite scores?
Is there a non-parametric test, like a Kruskal-Wallis, but with uneven blocks?
Pattern recognition with discrete data (preferably in R)
How to condition a marked point processes?
The prestige magician paradox
Example of strong correlation coefficient with a high p value
Can data processing time be estimated?
Is a split plot ANOVA with two factors the same as two-way ANOVA with repeated measures in one factor?
How do I propagate error values through a matrix diagonalization?
What are i.i.d. random variables?
Estimator of mu for gaussian variable with penalty
Data prep / variable creation for predictive models
How likely am I to be descended from a particular person born in the year 1300?
Covariate modeling with a within-subject factor
How does one express the decrease in minimal type II error bound for each observation added?
How to digest statistical context?
How to assess statistical significance of the accuracy of a classifier?
References for consulting statisticians to offer their clients
Number of parameters for discrete Bayes network?
What are the modeling approaches in this cartoon?
Different ways to calculate conditional probability of independent events
What reference can I cite for the proof that the sum of n exponential variables follows a gamma distribution?
A mathematical formula for K-fold cross-validation prediction error?
Transform LN variates to match reference mean and SD
Logistic regression with LBFGS solver
What is the distribution of norm induced by an inverse Wishart?
How to know which variables are more important in a process?
Circular/elliptical tests for datasets with magnitude and direction
How to test unit root in a timeseries with unknown structural change?
Comparing order of observed outcomes to predicted order
Non-parametric test with several confounding factors
How do you report Kruskal Wallis one way analysis of variance and post hoc results following APA 6th standards?
Approximating integrals using Monte Carlo simulation in R
What is the best way to visualize a single numeric variable as a heatmap?
Mismatch between significant variables from logistic regression and tree splits in R
Correlating time stamps
Signal extraction problem: conditional expectation of one item in sum of independent normal RVs
How to report correlation between two variables across multiple groups in a table?
How to plot results from text mining (e.g. classification or clustering)?
How can I sample from a log transformed distribution using uniform distribution?
Detecting changes in distribution of multiple variables
How to do ROC-analysis in R with a Cox model
Are the products of dependent and independent random variables independent?
Test to prove two means do not have a difference
Basic descriptive statistics on an irregular data set
Kolmogorov-Smirnov two-sample $p$-values
How do you calculate variable importance p-values using the randomForest package in R?
Two-way unsupervised learning
Assessing peaks in time series of cell signal data
How to interpret a predictor with a positive structure coefficient and a negative standardised coefficient in discriminant function analysis?
Random walk with momentum
Validating a model for a set of DNA sequences
Proper use and interpretation of zero-inflated gamma models
Putting limits on estimated coefficient values
Sampling from kNN density estimate
How is ARMA/ARIMA related to mixed effects modeling?
Figuring out probabilities with Hidden Markov Models
Understanding variance intuitively
Is there an algorithmic way to check if a dataset oscillates?
Standard error of measurement versus minimum detectable change
NAs in summary of linear model generated from significant genes for continuous response variable identified using SAM
What is the equivalent confidence interval for a directional hypotheses?
I have 3 dimension reduction methods and 3 classifiers, how to select the best combination?
Choosing the best model from among different best models
How to store the standard errors with the lm() function in R?
How to model the size of a trade area?
Stopping rule for chi-squared discretization algorithm
Mapping discrete variables
Significance testing or cross validation?
Assumptions needed for multiple linear regression
Using Fourier analysis to check if data is oscillating
What's so 'moment' about 'moments' of a probability distribution?
Correlate heuristic metrics with future true performance
Scripts for Mixed-Effects Models in S and S-PLUS
Caret re-sampling methods
So how would you include Bayesian estimates in a meta-analysis?
How to compare Harrell C-index from different models in survival analysis?
How does number of observations supporting alternate hypothesis on a test of a variance have to scale so that null is rejected?
Cross validation with two parameters: elastic net case
GDA and LDA terminology
Literature on the algorithm for optimal splitting in the growing of classification trees
Does my multilevel modelling create false replication and spurious precision at the highest level?
What can I do beyond Pearson correlation?
Assumptions for robust linear regression, specifically ANCOVA type models
Designing an inference engine for unknown items with known probabilities
How to detect a significant change in time series data due to a policy change?
When to drop a term from a regression model?
Subsample of a random sample: random sample?
How to describe a test of differences between correlation of the same two variables across two groups?
Random matrices with constraints on row and column length
Do expits reveal effect sizes with logistic regression?
Confidence intervals for difference in time series
How should I organize my poster presentation?
Combine / analyse different exposure variables in count data model
Test statistic and null rejection of independence in normalized redundancy, as implemented and automated in Python
Overcoming memory constraints in rpart?
Converting time to readable form in R
What are some useful data visualisation or data mining techniques to investigate horse racing forms?
Quantile regression in JAGS
Reporting results of simple linear regression: what information to include?
Find outlier in time domain dataset
Compressing data using wavelets with R
Random coefficient models with fractional polynomial transformation selection method, which criterion to use?
Distribution of the size of overlap between two random samples with duplicates?
Effect size measure for doubly-repeated measures design?
How would you analyse this problem?
Significance test on the difference of Spearman's correlation coefficient
Computing confidence intervals for count data
How to calculate correlation between consumers according their multi-aspect and overall rating?
How to show that an estimator is consistent?
Optimal basis for regression problem
Weighted mean of two 2D Gaussian random variables
Why does ridge regression classifier work quite well for text classification?
Parallel solving Ax=b?
Is it valid to model discrete numerical test scores as coming from a continuous random variable?
Feature selection with k-fold cross-validated least angle regression
Determining how well given real-life data fits to a given probability distribution
How should one control for group and individual differences in pre-treatment scores in a randomised controlled trial?
How to get continuous surface from collection of data points?
Writing a Monte Carlo simulation in R
Sidak correction
Standard error of sample standard deviation of proportions
Visualize sets and their connections
Can the percentages in a pie chart add up to more than $100\%$ and the data or analyses will still make sense (or be logical)?
How to compute $\mathbb P( 3 X_{(1)} \geq X_{(2)}+X_{(3)})$ for order statistics of a uniform distribution?
What are the sampling distributions of higher moments of the normal distribution?
p value correlation for random vectors in R
Dashed lines in ACF plot in R
Does cross validation work with asymmetric loss functions?
Consistency of the learning process
Maximization of overall hit rate
How to cluster longitudinal variables?
What is the difference between estimation and prediction?
What is the probability of a team winning many golf tournaments when conducted with handicaps (i.e., has sandbagging occurred)?
Derivation of closed form lasso solution
Estimating parameters in a model with a periodic design parameter
Functions for regression diagnostics on mer objects in R
What  causes loss of power in hypothesis testing?
How to find P(X > F) in ANOVA F-test?
Level change and trend change in the interrupted time series regression, does collinearity matters?
What quantity can be used to robustly estimate a specific (dimensionless) variation (variance) of a sequence?
Is goodness of fit needed for regression models when interpreted causally?
What is the distribution of the sum of independent normal variables?
How to compare two groups when there are many outcome variables?
Optimal data structure for 2-way repeated measures ANOVA
Fit a robust regression line using an MM-estimator in R
Is it possible to use the caret package in R with non-numerical data? 
How to interpret regression coefficients in a log-log model
Sum of subpopulation estimates not equal to estimate of total. Is this correct?
Multiple comparisons for parameter significance in a sparse high dimensional regression model
Text feature vector extraction
Comparing sample covariance matrices to a model
How to find weekly sum from daily data in SAS?
How to make waffle charts in R?
Investigate change in mean levels of risk within a service- alternative to unbalanced repeated measures ANOVA
Is it legal to publish the code of a published algorithm?
Hosting options for publicly available data
R code for estimating a Poisson parameter and its CI?
How can I (or should I) test that observation A tends to be greater than observation B for each subject?
Cross validation for a biased estimator of a Gaussian mean
What is the basis for adjusting critical values in multiple t-tests?
Finding standard error of price elasticity
What is a good reference for compound Poisson processes?
Creating an estimator with varying shock levels (SD) in R?
I want to combine many representative surveys in my analysis. What should I know?
If random variables are drawn from an identical distribution, why doesn't this guarantee they are independent?
Z score transformation for testing group differences in correlations
Correct way of testing machine learning against random data
Hypothesis testing and significance for time series
What are other good ways of finding out the degree of similarity between lists?
What is the difference between N and N-1 in calculating population variance?
How does normalization reduce dimensionality of data?
Alternatives to p-values in R?
Looking for mathematical account of ANOVA
Summing values of state transitions accumulated in an absorbing Markov chain
One standard error rule for variable selection
Interpretation problems with hypothesis testing 
Quasibinomial vs negative binomial and hurdles
Estimation of X in Gaussian noise
Cloud computing platforms for machine learning
How do you use in sample error estimator in regression?
Heatmap for co-localization of factors in a set of clusters?
Calculating forecast error with time series cross-validation
Maximum Likelihood Estimation question - minimum log likelihood
How to deal with a non-gaussian distribution & heteroscedasticity
Expected value of the reciprocal of a random variable
Sampling distribution is skewed in a fully Bayesian inference of MCMC in Cox PH models
Vikneswaran's R companion to experimental design data set
Probability of circles intersecting
SVM with unequal group sizes in training data
ANOVA or other test for summed data
Bayesian estimators
Selecting a model for predicting a multinomial response from multinomial data
Constrain decision boundary to fall on grid lines in multiple class logistic regression
Independent variables in ordinal logistic regression
Can it be valid to standardize non-normal data going into a PCA?
Why is my probit analysis resulting in numbers outside 0 and 1?
Standard deviation of error from leave one out
Should the distribution of composite scores be normally distributed?
OLS regression from first principles
Meaning of risk
Degrees of freedom for Kuiper's Test of uniformity
Is VAR a MANOVA with auto regression?
How to convert a vector of enumerable strings into a vector of numbers?
Contrast to ANOVA with interaction term
Generating all possible unique combinations of dataset with two variables
How to compare the results of a leave-one-out strategy?
Difference in implementation of binary splits in decision trees
Contrasts to ANOVA in R
How do you make a $10 \times 2$ $\chi^2$ table in SAS?
Levels of variable and $\chi^2$
Looking for formalization of the idea of low-variance predictors
If correlation doesn't imply causality then what's the value of knowing the correlation between two variables?
Data and model blocks in JAGS
Comparison of areas under curves
Desired effect size vs. expected effect size
How to select kernel for SVM?
Is there a method to check the homogeneity of variance of a single time series?
What are the top statistic conferences to follow for applications in machine learning?
Interpreting probit results in Stata 
Transformation to fit gamma distribution for glm
Odds ratios question
Identifying culs-de-sac (circular housing arrangements) with GIS data
Why is a projection matrix of an orthogonal projection symmetric?
Number of independent samples for weighted samples?
How would you explain covariance to someone who understands only the mean?
Linear statistic for measuring association in the party R package
Intervention analysis in time-series regression with seasonal ARIMA errors
General approach for non-parametric two-way ANOVA
Cointegration and correlation
Getting spline coefficients in R
How would you explain the difference between correlation and covariance?
Collinearity between categorical variables
Ties in the data
Intraclass correlation (ICC) for an interaction?
Textbooks on the numerical solution of stochastic differential equations
Visualization of a nondirected graph with nodes in specific positions
Simple distance measure for financial time series
Interrupted time-series analysis for panel data
Best way to interactively guide a remote statistical session, for a computer without admin access?
Goodness-of-fit test without analytical PDF and CDF
Odds ratio interpretation
How does the Goodman-Kruskal gamma test and the Kendall tau or Spearman rho test compare?
How do you compare OR between different groups using SAS?
Is machine learning less useful for understanding causality, thus less interesting for social science?
How do you predict a response category given an ordinal logistic regression model?
Predictive power (or $R^2$) adjusted for certain variables
Is ANOVA good for non-normally distributed series?
Use of a negative binomial model for fitting alternative splicing event
Multiple determination in terms of simple determination
Selecting regression type for Dickey-Fuller test
Testing normality and independence of time series residuals
What is the difference between test to check homogenity of variance and ANOVA?
Analysis of multimodal metric response variables linked to a categorical variable
Analysis strategy using market indicators and trading systems
Methods to predict multiple dependent variables
Distribution of the difference of two independent uniform variables, truncated at 0
How do I analyse data with a ceiling effect?
Generating random numbers based on 'rule-of-thumb' proportions
Statistical test suitable for small dataset (n=25)
Binomial regression with penalized ML
How to calculate perplexity of a holdout with Latent Dirichlet Allocation?
Hypothesis testing for mean
Computing probability from the Poisson distribution
Measuring accuracy of a logistic regression-based model
Distribution of starting points for blocks within DNA
Compute expected standard deviation from proportion data
How to compute simulated differences of means repetitively?
How to implement SIRS model?
Do path coefficients (beta) for the same condition across model comparisons have to be equal in structural equation modeling?
Is it accurate to say that all the Null Hypothesis states is the absence of a significant difference between sets of data?
How to calculate all the combinations in R?
How to interpret coefficient standard errors in linear regression?
Origin of the Naïve Bayes classifier?
Why is variable selection necessary?
Relation between confidence interval and testing statistical hypothesis for t-test
Dealing with nuisance variables in a MANOVA situation
What does Jaynes' continous pdf notation g(x)dx actually mean?
Calculate regression parameters by hand
Using predict() function in R
Predicted by residual plot in R
Characterizing periodicity level of signal
Chi-squared goodness-of-fit statistic if expected frequency is zero
Assessing logistic regression models
Rules of thumb for creating composite scales
Truncating a posterior predictive distribution in JAGS
Plain English explanation of Bernoulli mixture models?
Algorithms to find most frequent data
Simulated annealing and k-means
Adjusting performance by opponent skill level in a simple contest
How to calculate confidence and prediction bands for a linear regression using Mathematica?
What data and statistics skills are currently in high demand and where are they in high demand?
Transform log posteriors to the original posteriors
Half-normal distributed DV in generalized linear model
What to read from the autocorrelation function of a time series?
Why the CDF for the Normal Distribution can not be expressed as a closed form function?
How to test asymmetry?
How to analyse data on metric space?
Can I use log-likelihood distance on data of only continuous variables?
Controlled experiment with binary outcome variable
Likelihood ratio test
Dummy coding in SAS
Device age vs. downtime relationship
Fitting a multivariate ARIMA model with R
Decision boundaries and Gaussian density functions
When to transform predictor variables when doing multiple regression?
Confidence set for parameter vector in linear regression
Developing the multivariate normal likelihood function (in matrix notation)
Displaying multiple conditional distributions using lattice
Non-parametric multilevel analysis in SPSS
What is the correlation if the standard deviation of one variable is 0?
Fancy detrending of time series
How to analyze the volatility with GARCH?
Differences between cross validation and bootstrapping to estimate the prediction error
How to sample randomly from a population?
Large number of correlations with MRI region of interest (ROI) variables: What adjustment should I perform?
Can odds ratios increase if you include more variables?
What’s the most appropriate statistical analysis to compare predictions to observations?
R: looking for time clusters in a data set
multicollinearity question, X and X change score
Odd error with caret function rfe
Are HAC estimators used for estimation of regression coefficients?
Test if two measurements come from normal distributions with the same mean?
Identifying significantly different groups in a logistic regression model
How to compare the variability of two measures from meta analysis?
Why is an L1-estimator a special case of an M-estimator?
How to fit an ARIMAX-model with R?
Is it ok to bin residuals before examining them?
Effect size interpretation
Expectation of length of a confidence interval
Analysing a target based trial
R sparse smoothing splines
Dimension reduction issues in self-organizing maps (SOM)
Kalman smoothing of returns vs. prices with dlmSmooth in R's dlm package?
What's the difference between dlmSmooth and dlmFilter in R's dlm package?
Mixed model specification in R
How to calculate the difference of two slopes?
Determining the confidence interval for a non-normal distribution
Fitting generalized linear model with covariate
Why don't I get the p-value doing an ANOVA test?
What is the difference between spatial dependence and spatial heterogeneity?
Two samples of the same distribution
I'm sampling a population, looking for a small proportion of individuals
On/off problem resources
How can I compare two classifications?
What type of data analysis (ANOVA) should I run on this experiment? 
How can the F distribution be used, other than for hypothesis testing and confidence interval estimation?
Formula symbols for mixed model using lme4
Pre-PCA pooling in R
Experimental evidence supporting Tufte-style visualizations?
What is a good source to learn about multidimensional scaling?
How do you calculate the probability density function of the maximum of a sample of IID uniform random variables?
R-squared: X explains the percentage of variation of the Y values. Does axis order matter?
HMMs in protein or NA sequence alignments
Does a univariate random variable's mean always equal the integral of its quantile function?
Effective cutoff frequency for LOESS smoothing
Reporting $R^2$
Is there any statistical test that is parametric and non-parametric?
Statistics for online dating sites
Is there a Bayesian equivalent to a Wald-Wolfowitz runs test?
What algorithm could be used to predict consumables usage given data from past purchases?
How to do piecewise linear regression with multiple unknown knots?
Connection between bootstrap (both parametric and non-parametric) and maximum likelihood
Predicting response from new curves using fda package in R
Seasonal Unit Root
Two questions on significance testing
Tests of independence in contingency tables
Interpretation of log transformed predictor
Growing hierarchical self-organizing maps
How to simulate binomial mixed effects data?
Endogenous instruments in IV 2SLS regression in Stata
Tukey-Kramer test
Incidence rate ratios (Stata vs R)
A question on Poisson distribution
Go from cluster to random forest
Data analysis for mixed within-subjects/between-subjects design?
Computing inter-rater reliability in R with variable number of ratings?
Testing for the existence of dependencies in time series
Predicting outlier series in Kalman filter
Why do AIC and BIC show inversed outputs?
Significance testing on weight of people from 2 populations given their height
Is there a way to compare linear regression slopes by permutation tests?
Automating tree-based classification by using different subset of attributes
Kenward-Roger correction applied to $t$-test in LME
Incidence Rate Ratios in R (poisson regression)
Find probability density intervals
How to compare 2 non-stationary time series to determine a correlation?
Numerical accuracy of multivariate normal distribution
State of the art method(s) to find zero mean portions of a time series
How do I parameterize a Weibull distribution in JAGS / BUGS?
Fisher's exact test in R
Estimating random effects and applying user defined correlation/covariance structure with R lme4 or nlme package
Is it possible to compare multiple proportions in subdata sets?
Tuning the birthday paradox
Machine learning algorithms for context-based relevancy scoring
Time dependent coefficients in R - how to do it?
Computational intelligence-based methods for time series forecasting?
Using R's aov() for two-way repeated-measurement ANOVA
Evaluation methods for personalized recommendation
Time series with same variables but different respondents
Bayesian rank of game characters
Comparable salary in a different city calculations
Can the standard deviation of non-negative data exceed the mean?
Poisson regression to estimate relative risk for binary outcomes
Statistical significance of betas in linear regression
PACF manual calculation
How can I calculate margin of error in a NPS (Net Promoter Score) result?
How do I use cluster analysis in creating a model?
Where to find Incumbent party margin of victory data?
Does it make sense to study plots of residuals with respect to the dependent variable?
Function to convert arithmetic to log-based covariance matrix?
Principal component analysis before nearest neighbor search
Attractive pairwise interaction point process
Explanation of covariate in general linear model in SPSS
Data structures and libraries for high dimensional text analysis with R
Can I do a PCA on repeated measures for data reduction?
Maximum value of coefficient of variation for bounded data set
Is there a term for min + (max - min) / 2?
Model Selection: Logistic Regression
An estimation problem in GPS tracking
How to compare two power law distributions?
Histogram/distribution fitting for this dataset with unequal and open-ended intervals?
What happens if the full model has the smallest AIC?
Neural network  model to predict treatment outcome 
Mean and variance of a zero-inflated Poisson distribution
Need an example of RV with a mean and no second moment
If the n(th) moment exists does it mean all smaller moments exist too?
Monte Carlo simulation for VaR estimation using R
Looking for a reference to a famous quotation about precision of numbers
Lasso modification for LARS
Significant interaction between covariate and factor in SPSS GLM
Back-transformation and interpretation of $\log(X+1)$ estimates in multiple linear regression
How to understand if the variance is constant reading GARCH model output?
Learning to create samples from an unknown distribution
Why to use fixed regressor in Breusch-Pagan?
Correlation of categories
Inferring a Gaussian from noisy data
Using statistical significance test to validate cluster analysis results
How do I compare bootstrapped regression slopes?
lme4 or other open source R package code equivalent to asreml-R
What is a normal distribution with 'common variance'?
Dice probability for Yahtzee large straight
How can I compare my model to a technically invalid model?
Algorithms for predicting a couple points in the future
If a factor variable is to be dropped in model selection, should all levels be dropped simultaneously? If so, why?
Can the AICc (corrected Akaike information criterion) measure be used for post-hoc analysis?
Hosmer-Lemeshow vs AIC for logistic regression
What does to center two IVs mean in the context of an interaction?
Sample size to determine if success proportion is zero
What does an ACF graph tell me that a PACF graph doesn't?
SAS Proc Arima - DF, ADF, SIC, AIC, autocorrelation in residuals
When is there a representer theorem?
ANOVA with dependent variable(s) as 2-dimensional distribution? Is it possible?
How can I create nice graphs automatically?
What to do when weak classifiers are almost identical in AdaBoost?
Classification model for movie rating prediction
How to analyze responses to a survey involving rating 5 factors on a scale of 1-100?
Hosmer-Lemeshow test vs. likelihood ratio test
Show series of exponential decay distributions in one chart
How can we detect trend in a time series apart from visual observation of time plots?
How to get information from a probability distribution table?
Statistical significance of a survey/poll?
Data sets and problems for learning hypothesis testing
Dickey Fuller test
How to correctly describe measurement variation (over multiple repetitions)
Presenting marginal effects of logit with fixed effects
Increasing number of features results in accuracy drop but prec/recall increase
How to treat holidays when working with time series data?
Incremental IDF (Inverse Document Frequency)
Why is the Poisson distribution chosen to model arrival processes in Queueing theory problems?
Scoring new observations after cross-validation
Where to find raw data about clinical trials?
How to predict a binary outcome with unbalanced repeated measures data?
How to obtain the inverse of the F cumulative distribution based on the F cumulative distribution?
When (and why) to take the log of a distribution (of numbers)?
Is there any stochastic method to  approximate the likelihood?
Moderation versus interaction?
How to test for association between proportions with multiple variables?
H-L Test: Looking at the data
Issues with the Huynh-Feldt values using either Anova or ezANOVA in R?
What are subjective interestingness measures?
Is cross validation a proper substitute for validation set?
Draw surface graph
Why aren't all tests scored via item analysis/response theory?
How to deal with identical p-values with the Benjamini-Hochberg method for correcting for multiple testing
Graphing versus further testing interactions
What is the intuition behind the score function?
Brute force expected deviance for logistic regression?
How to interpret coefficients from a GARCH model?
Why is semipartial correlation cited so seldom?
How to calculate a confidence interval for Spearman's rank correlation?
Understanding MANOVA in case of a single predictor
Bagging, boosting and stacking in machine learning
Practical thoughts on explanatory vs predictive modeling
Combining n-grams
Where to find a large text corpus?
Pointwise mutual information for tag generation in Twitter
How to collapse ordinal variable values into significant different values?
How to deal with information of variable length?
How to derive a distance function based on multiple variables for cluster analysis?
Correlation versus cause-effect regression
How do I handle predictor variables from different distributions in logistic regression?
Light bulb color problem
Math behind multivariate testing for website optimization
Continuous-states hidden Markov chain
Can one force randomness in a sample?
Obtaining final classifier in RTextTools
Adjusting for tilt of the earth
How to make a randomForest algorithm cost-sensitive?
Which are the most effective methods for selecting independent variables?
How to test changes in call volume over time?
Difference among bias, systematic bias, and systematic error?
Sample size for cluster analysis
Mean of one group vs. the rest of the sample
Are real and imaginary components of frequency element of fft correlated?
Cross Validation for mixed models?
Drawing from a conditional density
Can you recommend a book to read before Elements of Statistical Learning?
Proof for a binomial equation
Forecasting a chaotic time series
Binary classification of DNA sequence motifs
A robust R package to do MCMC and Gibbs sampling
Do null and alternative hypotheses have be to exhaustive or not?
Solving a system of equation involving the chi-square distribution
Log-likelihood ratio in document summarization
Prior of multivariate Polya distribution?
Finding median survival time from survival function
Proportional hazards assumption
Objections to randomization
How to devise a relationship matrix without diagonal constant when fitting mixed model in R?
How can I estimate unique occurrence counts from a random sampling of data?
Minimum number of observations per variable for linear regression or MARS model
Comparing original variables with characteristic values of diagonalized variance-covariance matrix
What is the P(A|C) if we know B depends on A and C depends on B?
Interpretation of results from linear model predictions
SVM parameter selection
What is the difference between test set and validation set?
Good resources about reversible-jump MCMC sampler in R
Is Naive Bayes fine for simple Suggested products solution?
ANCOVA with repeated measures in R
Calculating  sample mean and sample variance on all samples vs distinct subsets
Goodness of fit of sorted data
Does random effects allow me to do repeated measures?
Whether to report untransformed data when performing ANOVA on transformed data?
In spatial regression, what is a spherical autocorrelation structure?
How to report  Games-Howell post hoc tests following ANOVA?
Rate changes over time
I am looking for a methodology for categorizing keywords
How auto.arima works?
How to calculate OR and confidence interval for two binary explanatory variables with interaction
How to apply unsupervised classification to spatial data
In practice how is the random effects covariance matrix calculated in a mixed effects model?
One sided Chebyshev inequality for higher moment
Is there a graphical representation of bias-variance tradeoff in linear regression?
How to statistically compare two time series?
We're trying to analyze which monsters drop what in an MMO
Reporting non-causal relationships
Casting multidimensional data in R into a data frame
How do I sort an ordinal list of user-generated ratings data?
Calculating the Standard Error of the Mean (SEM) of a sample from the SEMs of two subsets of that sample
Notation for nested factors that are random variables in R
Sample size for a variable number of answers
Nearest neighbor where several vectors have exact same values
Tobit model explanation
What is the distribution of $Y$ given that $Y\sim F(\nu_1, \nu_2)\times 2$?
Is it possible to specify a lmer model without any fixed effects?
Testing for confounding
Removing human evaluator bias
Expected number of unseen cards when drawing $2n$ cards from a deck of size $n$
Can chi-square test be performed on data that does not have normal or gaussian distribution?
Generating data to follow given variogram 
How should I fit heteroskedasticity by group?
Counting distinct elements when memory is limited
Comparing accuracy of polling companies in multi-party system
Comparing words in 2 corpora to find significant differences
Reference for generalized linear mixed models using Laplace approximation
Data preparation for logistic regression
Generating random matrices with specific equality constraints
Adjusting existing algorithm - likelihood for presence-only data
Why do these 2 approaches to applying mixed models yield different results?
What happens if a survival curve doesn't reach 0.5?
Why bother with the dual problem when fitting SVM?
Cramer-Rao lower bound questions
What to do when some time points have heavily skewed responses and some do not in a repeated measures study?
Explaining two-tailed tests
How to test which combination of product attributes generates better sales performance?
How to add symbols on smooth lines in a R's lattice xyplot?
Generate separate plots for each group of records in dataset
Comparing arrival rate distributions
Variables are often adjusted (e.g. standardised) before making a model - when is this a good idea, and when is it a bad one?
Sophisticated models for classifying short pieces of texts
Combining machine learning models
Which statistical classification algorithm can predict true/false for a sequence of inputs?
Possible extensions to the default diagnostic plots for lm (in R and in general)?
Chi Square for this case?
About interpretation of the results of quantile regression
How to formally test for a break in a normal (or other) distribution
Fitting a continuous result to categorical predictors semiparametrically
If I take n-standard deviations of my data what would be my confidence level with the estimate?
Visualize effects of hurdles on user numbers
Uncertainties on parameters from maximum likelihood fitting
Associating a probability to disease propagation in regions of a map
How can I display a survival curve with right censoring marks?
Calculating mutual Information
Multi-dimensional goodness of fit
How is election fraud by ballot stuffing possible?
Different ways to write interaction terms in lm?
Likelihood of errors based on a sample
Correlation matrix
Bivariate Gamma distribution PDF
Reporting main effects and interaction from ANOVA
What diagnostic plots exists for quantile regression?
Validation of data partitioning
One component in PCA is always the mean vector in two-dimensions but not three
Can the sample size of subgroups influence significance of correlations?
Multi-sample nonparametric test for matched data
Two-way ANOVA main effect and interaction query
Building background for machine learning for CS student
Time-varying linear regression
What are advantages of multi-point statistics compared to variogram?
LaTeX output for R's summary.lm object - while displaying the information outside the table
Can I trust a regression if variables are autocorrelated?
Why the infrequent use of machine learning techniques in translational biomedicine?
What kind of statistical method do I need for comparing element concentrations?
How to compute an exponentially weighted covariance matrix function in R?
What is the relationship between propensity scores and sufficient statistics?
Bootstrap-based confidence interval
Independent variables formulas in multiple regression
How to calculate overall standard deviation from standard deviation of sub-periods?
Learning probability and statistics together
Understanding similarity sensitive hashing algorithm in AdaBoost
How to interpret results from R anova in quantile regression?
An estimator for a histogram/summation based calculation
Creating two random sequences with $50\%$ correlation?
What does arrived at linear multiple regression models mean?
Detecting a peak in an averaged profile
Variable dimensionality samples resulting from variable length processes with fixed interval measurement
Creating a plot with boxplots ranked by quantiles in R
Cross validating one-against-all SVMs
How to analyze an unbalanced within-subject ANOVA design?
What is the difference between 2x2 factorial design experiment and a 2-way ANOVA?
Convex loss optimization and supervised learning
Independent variables prep in multiple linear regression
Run-time analysis of common machine learning algorithms
Given my networks of friends - can I detect my most Central friends?
Does an exact test always yield a higher P value then an approximated test?
Scaling data that are on different scales for a graph
Over enthusiastic MANOVA in R
About P-value for ARIMA in R
Estimating joint distributions using copula package in R
Regression to remove consecutive effects
How to model the relationship between geocoded and ungeocoded sales data?
Influences of scored/weighted ratings
Optimal importance sampling with ratio estimator
Multilevel Meta-analysis with several treatments
Measuring 'synchrony' with time series correlations
Convergence requirement of Parzen window estimates
How to best analyze non-mutually-exclusive categorical outcome with categorical predictor and categorical blocking factors?
Violation of normality assumption
How can I censor entries at failure or an exit age in Stata?
What is a good modern task load measurement?
How to set up a model for analyzing three-way contingency table?
How to handle outliers in GARCH model?
Finding a minimum variance unbiased (linear) estimator
Using dmnorm in JAGS
Why does R coerce a one dimensional data frame result to a vector? (and how can I stop it?)
multiple continuous independent variables, single dependent var: which analysis?
Does Weka have an online API?
AB Testing other factors besides conversion rate
Is there a name for this statistic? What type of distances it is measuring between two data sets?
Multi-level beta regression package for R?
Statistical test for difference between two proportions?
Choice Problem of (p,d,q) order for ARIMA
Appropriate sample statistics to provide a reliable estimator for an Erlang-like parent population
How the Pearson's Chi Squared Test works
Need for centering and standardizing data in regression
What are the assumptions (and H0) for Wilcoxon signed-rank test?
Simpson's paradox or confounding?
Best practices when treating range data as continuous
Simultaneous confidence interval for multiple proportions in R
Visualising successive proportions
Asynchronous data stream matching
How do I get the AIC value out from a forecast object in R?
Univariate time series forecasting based on auto.arima 
Defining norm of a matrix of MFCC coefficients
Finding degree of polynomial in regression analysis
Quantifying effect of a categorical variable in time series analysis
How to apply an AR(MA) model to a prewhitened signal?
Multiple comparisons with ANOVA including one between and one within-subject effect
What might be a clear, practical definition for a family of hypotheses (with respect to familywise error rate)?
Variance of the reciprocal II
SAS proc mixed empirical standard errors
What is the null hypothesis in the Mann-Whitney test?
How to test homoscedasticity when the errors are DEPENDENT?
Why does the Breusch-Pagan test fail?
Factor analysis on binary data and summated scales
Best statistical method for analysing a single clubs football (soccer) results
Sequential Monte Carlo (particle filter) with Metropolis-Hastings weighting
How do I decide whether to use the Wald or F-test in testing the significance of slope coefficient?
Multiple mediation analysis in R
Adjusting kappa inter-rater agreement for prevalence
Twitter data and regression time series
Advice on a good production level SPC (statistical process control) package?
Readdressing the semantics of multivariate and multivariable analysis
What is the point of singular value decomposition?
Mice function in R freezing
Overmatching bias and confounding variables
Recurrent neural networks in R
How to write a multinomial logit model as a generalized linear model?
Calculate frequency of 1D time series using autoregressive model parameters
Usual regression vs. regression when variables are differenced
Updating support or range in transformation variable
More details on bootstrap procedure to estimate confidence interval of sample SD
Using control variates & antithetic method with Monte Carlo
Which is a better cost function for a random forest tree: Gini index or entropy?
Understanding survival at time function
Why is the variance of my random effect negative?
Are there any pre-generated numeric series with known statistical properties?
How should I use prop.test function?
Online resources to aid in understanding SAS results
Problems with extremum of two uniform random variables
What is the best way to treat popularity for ranking?
Establishing a dynamic threshold for partitioning data
Ideas for visualising and analysing grocery store data
Combining dummy and continuous items in a single scale
Taking random items out of a container with replacement
How to create a bivariate distribution from copula and marginals?
What normality assumptions are required for an unpaired t-test? And when are they met?
Are survivor functions meaningful with proportional hazards models?
When to use the Wilcoxon rank-sum test instead of the unpaired t-test?
Factoring two matrices into shared and unique variance
Estimating adjusted rate ratios for categorical independent variable measured only as population percents
Illustrative datasets and analysis for multilevel modelling
Assessing quality of similarity measure
If I repeat every sample observation in a linear regression model and rerun the regression how would the result be affected?
Tolerance interval for linear regression
How to test whether percent values differ according to a time condition?
How best to analyze length of stay data in a hospital-based RCT?
How many of the biggest terms in $\sum_{i=1}^N |X_i|$ add up to half the total?
Is it ever appropriate to fit a regression on 3 points?
probability of the next number of events occurring when the true probability is known
What is the probability that two independent random vectors with a given euclidean distance $r$ fall in the same orthant?
Verifying that measured time does fit O(n^3)
Why does a time series have to be stationary?
Distribution of reciprocal of regression coefficient
Sample-size calculations for Benjamini-Hochberg, Westfall-Young, Holm-Bonferroni methods
How to compare the variance of two conditions with different means?
How do you establish complete versus partial mediation in a simple mediational model?
What does truncated distribution mean?
How to draw a plot with mean and CI?
First order conditions for maximum likelihood estimator
Does this relationship have a name?
Resources about functional distributions
Detecting the period of a signal with a length of only a few periods
Mann-Kendall trend test of a huge time-series in R
Marginal effect of Probit and Logit model
Estimating the break point in a broken stick / piecewise linear model with random effects in R [code and output included]
Why does ${\rm cov}(Y_{ij}, Y_{ik}) = \sigma_u^2$ in the model $Y_{ij} = \mu + u_i + e_{ij}$?
25th and 75th percentile according to wolfram alpha
Naive-Bayes classifier for unequal groups
Whether a AR(P) process is stationary or not?
Can I use all pairwise comparisons at a factor level to perform correlation analysis?
Constrained Optimization library for equality and inequality constraints
What to do when ovtest and linktest in Stata suggest model misspecification?
Assumptions for intraclass correlation
Time series digitization
Random forest on grouped data
Simple case of MNAR missing data
DLM with autocorrelated residuals
Split-split-plot design and lme
Are both of these generalized additive models?
Why would one use age-squared as a covariate in a genetic association study?
Calculating probability question from a student
Basic standard error issue with short event
How to test a reduced linear model passing through the origin?
Do the properties of Pearson's chi-squared test for independence hold true for continuous PDFs?
How to proceed with applying concordance correlation coefficient on stock market data?
Are these populations non-random and different?
Comparing two mean values to check for statistical significance
How to compute a probability threshold for a linear combination of two variables ~ N(0,1)?
How to combine the forecasts when the response variable in forecasting models was different?
Convert probit regression coefficient into correlation
How to fit a Weibull distribution to input data containing zeroes?
Test to calculate the probability of winning
Lemonade consumption forecast
How do I derive principal components taking account of repeated measures?
Does the sign of the principal component become meaningless with centered variables?
Mixed model with repeated measures and both of two treatments with lme or lmer in R
Can R geeglm handle proportion data?
What programming language do you recommend to prototype a machine learning problem?
How to test model misspecification using Johansen test?
Interpreting main effect and interaction
Rolling dice problems
Calculating predicted probabilities for ordinal logistic regression
Incremental PCA in R
Weights of radial basis function networks
Long term and short term effect of estimators on AR model
Temporal analysis of variation in random effects
Programming a new random effects structure in lme
Using a histogram to estimate class label densities in a tree learner
Using binary logistic regression to find design for very high reliability and confidence
How to equalize histograms
How can I calculate a sample size for a ranked list of items across a population?
How to visualise observations of a stochastic process with a parameter change?
Measuring temporal aggregation
Meaning of a perfect sequence of a graph
Graphing versus F-test: contradictory outcome
How to determine the ANOVA table for split-plot with repeated measures experiment?
Fisher's exact test and large tables with pairwise
How to test the randomness of residual plot?
What is the distribution of the sum of non i.i.d. gaussian variates?
Computing the mode of data sampled from a continuous distribution
Computing ANOVA in R
What is the distribution of the sample variance of the Skellam distribution?
Best method to visualize large interaction between two factors
Difference between two separate multiple regression analyses and one combined using dummy variables
Is it valid to judge the superiority of a classification technique using only artificial data?
What model to use for a 'spraying experiment'?
What kind of distribution is it?
Error bars calculation in a split-plot design
Standard Deviation of non-negative data
A name for this distributional condition?
Sample divided in three equal categories of individuals in logit regression
Data mining classification competition
Log-normal distribution versus chi-square distribution for comparing RMSE of nonlinear fits
Cross-validation with sampling weights
Regression vs. ANOVA discrepancy
How can I help ensure testing data does not leak into training data?
Can the MIC algorithm for detecting non-linear correlations be explained intuitively ?
McNemar’s test or T-test for measuring statistical significance of matched-pre-post-test result
Testing against a custom probability distribution
Sample size and documentation for discriminant analysis
Correlation of a nominally scaled variable and another of interval scale type
Is is possible (or advisable) to do Change Point Analysis on sequence of groups with R?
Ordered logistic multilevel regression in imputed dataset
Comparing smoothing splines vs loess for smoothing?
Factoring of conditional probability
Calculating the $p$-value of an $F$- statistic
Machine learning self-learning book?
Is a snapshot of last login times a type of censored data?
Suggestions for multi-dimensional clustering
How to aggregate/deal with time series data in multiple markets?
How to find implementation details for a SAS procedure?
What is the difference between frequent pattern mining, subspace clustering, and biclustering?
Obtaining random number from a mixture of two normal distributions
Model prediction for every possible outcome
Computing average of data in multiple (different) columns in SPSS
The effect of skewed continuous predictors in a binary logistic regression model
Simple good way to fit a 2D dataset consisting of positive and negative examples such that the function is monotonic in both dimensions
Density of normal distribution as dimensions increase
Issues on computing Pearson correlation coefficient for two vectors
Whether to leave the data unaltered in the face of outliers and non-normality when performing structural equation modelling?
What is the difference between R functions prcomp and princomp?
Tree size in gradient tree boosting
Calculating life expectancy in Stata
Link between variance and pairwise distances within a variable
Fitting to data with a Bernoulli (I think) distribution
Variance of the Kaplan-Meier estimate for dependent observations
How to tell quantitatively whether 1D data is clustered around 1 or 3 values?
How to deal with label switching issues with Matlab's classification trees?
Heteroskedasticity in linear regression model & data transformation
How to implement rounding in BUGS in a survey context?
Modeling the probability of winning on a sales site
Spearman or Kendall correlation?
Highlighting significant results from non-parametric multiple comparisons on boxplots
How to test if a distribution is exponential in Stata?
When are order statistics not sufficient?
How to design a contrast matrix with combined levels for a categorical variable?
Proportional odds model for repeated measures ordinal outcomes
Publicly available petabyte-scale data set?
How to symmetrically adjust data by removing certain value
Is this hypothesis test somehow optimal?
Add new distribution to JAGS or OpenBUGS?
GLM on unbalanced design
Power needed to detect an interaction
Means of groups A and B differ significantly. Can I build a Classifier that will classify values into A or B?
Obtaining resampling based estimates of prediction error in boosted regression tree model
Determining sample size for uniform distribution
How to implement dummy variable using n-1 variables?
How to compute the CI of an Inverse Gaussian distribution?
Kullback–Leibler divergence between two Wishart distributions
A 5pt likert scale and a 6 stage algorithm analysis correlate will ordinal regression analysis work if not than what
How to combine step(x) and dbern(p) in JAGS/WinBUGS?
What have to be normally distributed: groups or whole sample?
How to determine multivariate confidence in laymans terms
DLM out of sample errors
Assessing multicollinearity of factors
How does required sample size scale with the number of features in multiple linear regression?
Which package to use for convergent and discriminant validity in R?
Books about incremental data clustering
Normal-like distribution over a bounded area
Bootstrapping vs. permutation tests
Akaike Information Criterion and composite variables
Tutorials on convolution networks and autoencoders
Why is RSS distributed chi square times n-p?
Are there any tutorials on Bayesian probability theory or graphical models by example?
Estimate variance of sub-sets from overall variance
How to get a confidence interval on parameters that were fitted using multiple functions and datasets at once?
Fast computation/estimation of a full-rank linear system
Advice For Graduate Students in Statistics
Using t-test for comparing Likert responses before and after intervention
Sampling machine learning output to calculate confidence intervals
Is there a limit to the SPSS random number generator?
MA terms in arima
Human body organs growth graph or data
Exponential curve fitting with a constant
What role will humans play as we rely more on technology identify problems, find opportunities and make decisions?
Is there any sense of adding the same feature with opposite sign when using SVM?
What is the best single measure of brain networks based on functional MRI data?
When is half normal distribution useful?
How to generalize precision, recall and F-score to non-classification problem?
What problem do shrinkage methods solve?
Is statistics.com class worth the money?
What is the difference between lifetime risk, lifetime morbid risk, and lifetime prevalence, and lifetime cumulative incidence?
Is this prior distribution exchangeable?
How to report two-way anova results?
How to calculate the unfairness for repeated random selection?
Changing logistic regression's loss function
How do I compare multiple arbitrary predictions for a given data set?
Test the significant differences between the coefficients obtained by logistic regression on two data sets.
Characteristics of gold prices in an ARIMA model analysis
The disadvantage of using F-score in feature selection
Test a proportion with limited information
Endogeneity without correlation?
Examples of hidden Markov models problems?
Can simple vector distance work as a SVM kernel?
Time Series detrending with multiple polynomials
Canonical correlation analysis with continuous and binary data
Fitting a pdf against Weibull pdf
How to use residuals to train a model?
Subdivisions in statistics
Algorithm to evaluate whether you should buy now or wait
Understanding condition index used for finding multicollinearity
Hidden markov models: output observations defined by a (non-hidden) markov model?
Relationship between the characteristics of training data set and built decision tree
How to interpret logarithmically transformed coefficients in linear regression?
Strength of hypothesis tests
On error probability bounds in Bayesian hypothesis testing
Logical extensions after logistic regression
Why are the residuals computed manually different from those computed by R?
Bounding the difference between square roots
Balance between randomization, interspersion and even initial conditions of experimental units
How should decision tree splits be implemented when predicting continuous variables?
How to implement bootstrap efficiently in a matrix-based language?
Plotting Events on a Timeline in R
Random number generation for gaussian, cauchy and levy
What are the differences between hidden Markov models and neural networks?
Why should we care about rapid mixing in MCMC chains?
Getting the variance-covariance matrix of regression coefficients in GEE
Standard formula for quick calculation of scores
Non-nested model selection
Speeding up non-vectorized R code
How to transform data to normality?
Alpha adjustment for multiple testing
How to interpret type I (sequential) ANOVA and MANOVA?
Is it possible to compute a covariance matrix with unequal sample sizes?
Power analysis for matched poisson variables
RFM & customer lifetime value modeling in R
Getting sense of and testing multiple correlations in two-block structure
Using Kolmogorov–Smirnov test
Least squared regression where the coefficients switch signs upon the addition of new variable
Longitudinal models in R and WINBUGS or JAGS
What is best for comparing variability for environmental time series data: repeated-measures ANOVA or linear mixed models?
Books for self-studying time series analysis?
Jaccard Indexes and PCA
What is an uninformative prior? Can we ever have one with truly no information?
Difference between logit and probit models
Logistic regression performs better on validation data
How to calculate standard errors in OLS without inverting the X'X matrix?
How to properly present McNemar's Test Statistics
Determine accuracy of model which estimates probability of event
Trouble applying hidden Markov models
Generating a 3-month half life weighting series in R
Distribution of an observation-level Mahalanobis distance
Calculating probability of discovery
Test for independence of random variables
Effect of switching response and explanatory variable in simple linear regression
PCA's principle and available algorithms
Simultaneous confidence intervals for multinomial parameters, for small samples, many classes?
Where did the frequentist-Bayesian debate go?
Is there a test for independence in a Bernoulli process?
Joint distribution of sum of independent normals
How to compute median in an online fashion?
Implementation of Gaussian process
Name of mean absolute error analogue to Brier score?
Is the percent of total deviance explained a useful model summary?
Initial conditions of experimental units in Completely Randomized Design
Automated parameter selection for a GARCH model, in a similar manner to the forecast package
How do I sample without replacement using a sampling-with-replacement function?
Sampling variables and calculating likelihood in WinBUGS/OpenBUGS
What is model identifiability?
Detecting steps in time series
How to analyze longitudinal count data: accounting for temporal autocorrelation in GLMM?
combining p-values for averaging technical protein quantification replicates in python
Test for non random-walk
DLM package, State equation
Is AdaBoost less or more prone to overfitting?
What are the meanings of stochastically dependent and functionally dependent?
How to find the closest distribution of a given data?
Estimate center and radius of a sphere from points on the surface
Modified gravity model of interaction between two communities
How to fit a lognormal distribution in Python?
Error exponent in hypothesis testing
Predicting curve registration parameters in functional data analysis with noisy data
What is the probability that the $k$th element falls in a specific interval?
Extracting meaningful information from a logistic regression model
How to test whether a sample of data fits the family of Gamma distribution?
Vector multiplication in BUGS and JAGS
A hair dresser's conundrum
Where can one get real (health) actuarial/insurance probability data/distributions?
Which machine learning methods can I use to study/analyze this ordinal data? (generated by a hypothetical turing machine)
The reciprocal of $t$-distributed random variable
Estimating the reliability of a test section
Manually transforming two dependent variables according to their correlation matrix in R?
Spatial clustering algorithm with democratic constraints
Why is running split tests until statistically significant a bad thing? (Or is it?)
Java code for thin SVD
Probability of a measurement under a continuous model
Alternative names for items in logistic regression
Computing p-value using bootstrap with R
How to adjust for a mid-study change in diagnostic protocol?
Pattern finding approaches
How to get last available row in SPSS?
Does ensembling (boosting) cause overfitting?
Bucketising time series
pLSA - Probabilistic Latent Semantic Analysis, how to choose topic number?
Rolling analysis with out-of sample
Permutational MANOVA and Mahalanobis distances in R
Best approach for model selection Bayesian or cross-validation?
How to analyse linked 2x2 tables from multiple raters?
Where can I find C++ code samples for HMM (hidden Markov model) as it relates to gesture recognition?
Is a 1-sided 90% prediction interval equivalent to a 2-sided 95% prediction interval?
Arithmetic for updating likelihoods using Bayes theorem
Mean squared error vs. mean squared prediction error
Estimating out-of sample forecast for an ARIMA model
Inconsistency of the Breslow estimator
Does anyone have experience with IBM's SPSS Modeler?
Clustering of stock market returns
Need help to derive the conditional pdf
Verifying neural network model performance
How to calculate burstiness?
Assess density of a function in non-closed form
Time Series representation and forecasting in R
Repeated measures and random effects in R
Are ecologists the only ones who didn't know that the arcsine is asinine?
How to get parameters from a quadratic fit in Stata?
Compare survival of one population to the general population
Why does HoltWinters() in R behave differently when parameters are set as 0 vs set as False?
Can compressed sensing be applied to data mining?
What is the income distribution in the U.S., in 1% increments?
Implementing Gaussian mixture model for a HMM library
How do I combine two outcome measures from two different questionnaires into one variable?
Use of further analysis on factors formed by principal component analysis in regression
What is gaussianity, and how do you perform gaussianity testing in macroeconomic time-series?
What is the best way to use a discrete variable with a lot of classes in linear regression?
Why is logistic regression in R creating multiple coefficients for one variable?
How do I report error from imbalanced data in a random forest algorithm?
How is the proof that the Quartimax/Varimax-rotation converges?
What is a block in experimental design?
Smoothing function for displaying stacked lines without the smoothing introducing crossings
Conflicting results with GoF tests
Running transformed data with a Generalized Linear Model in SPSS
Learning distributions from tree based matrix arrangements
How to detect changes in amplitude?
Sidak or Bonferroni?
Poisson or quasi poisson in a regression with count data and overdispersion?
How to improve standard visualizations of a univariate distribution?
Find the equation from generalized linear model output
Algorithms for automatic model selection
Convergence results for block-gibbs sampling?
What graphical model to capture conditional relationships between tokens?
Predicting the time until an expected event occurs
Predicting Y using X for the following data
How much variation is necessary for regression analysis
Calculation confidence interval for estimated logit in logistic regression in R
Simultaneous Non-parametric regression and Non-parametric density estimation
Identification of confounder in a logistic regression model example in Applied Logistic Regression
Distance correlation versus mutual information
Creating univariable smoothed scatterplot on logit scale using R
Gaussian process scale targets
Is there a fast algorithm to check for AR(p) stationarity?
Truncated normal distribution with WinBUGS
How to distribute a prize among a group of people given their scores?
How to use segmented package to fit a piecewise linear regression with one breakpoint?
Two-way mixed effects ANOVA model
Alpha correction in a family of tests
Predicting dependent variables where independent variables are samples with differing sample size
Simple, robust and fast algorithm for stochastic gradient descent
Identifying parameters in BUGS linear regression
Sampling from an unknown distribution
Gaussian Process covariance matrix gets zero determinant
Probabilistic graphical models textbook
Interpreting coefficient of variation for a system
What do you do with your testing data?
Is there an error in this published Chi-squared table?
How to use cross validation to estimate autocorrelation?
How do I handle very different weights in a least squares fit?
Natural language processing application in algorithmic trading and sports betting
Document classification with Bayes 
How to define what a sample is?
Can a coin be biased?
Chi-square contrast tests with R
Best way to handle unbalanced multiclass dataset with SVM
Multiple dependent variables in factorial design
Choosing N when doing t-tests on bootstrapped samples
Identifying outlier data in high-dimensional settings
Word ranking using Bayes theorem
Comparing models of discrete and continuous data
Two DV's in a 2x2 factorial experiment
Validating previous analysis with new data
Any reference to 20 Newsgroups multi-label dataset?
What does accuracy mean in SPSS's automatic linear modeling output?
Linear mixed model, negative information criteria values and Hessian matrix not positive definite
Most confusing statistical terms
Null hypothesis with multiple equally important hypothesis
More than one outcome (dependent) variables in ordinal logistic regression
How to interpret coefficients from a logistic regression?
Bootstrapping stratified sample that is weighted to population - reweighting during the bootstrap?
Calculating probability of a random sample without replacement
Moving from RCB to CR design, how much bias is introduced?
Risk bounds for Gaussian regression
How can I estimate the phase difference between two periodic time-series?
How to display magnitude of change over time between two series?
Does the order of explanatory variables matter when calculating their regression coefficients?
Bootstrap vs. Jackknife
Plot a generalised mixed effects model with binomial errors
How to determine if application acceptance is fair
Problem with singular covariance matrices when doing Gaussian process regression
Non-parametric discriminant analysis in R
Collapsing regression of nominal data to single significance value
How to compare two series of gene expression levels?
How to calculate Cohen's d effect size intervals for a within-subject design?
Regression fails if predictor variance is small but mean is nonzero 
Artificial neural network analysis
R powerTransform fails on seemingly okay data
How to fit a regression like $y=\lfloor ax+b \rfloor$ in R?
Normalization in weighted least squares regression
Robust logistic regression vs logistic regression
Technical variation versus real signal
Understanding proof of a lemma used in Hoeffding inequality 
TF-IDF cutoff percentage for tweets
Providing variance measures for speedup ratios
Exponential decay function
Factoring expected prediction error
Spatial econometrics -- computing residuals
Calculating probabilities related to order statistics
Confidence interval for median
Calculate average of a set numbers with reported standard errors
Gibbs sampling from posterior distribution using R
Interaction terms and BUGS
How can I compare whether classifiers outcome is significantly different?
Analysis of variance table for 2x2 cross-over trials
Using the BH method for FDR control
Major directions on a 2D map 
t-test and t-distribution etymology
Advice on scientifically sound scale construction
Recommendation for a book about recommender systems
Calculus resources with a probability and statistics slant?
95% CI for an estimated X given Y in a simple linear regression model 
Correct terminology for describing relative confidence interval
Bound on moment generating function
What are some fellowships available for US students studying Statistics?
Regression for rank order dependent variable
Bayesian logistic regression with mixed (two level) data
A reliable measure of series similarity - correlation just doesn't cut it for me
Obtaining knowledge from a random forest
Introduction to structural equation modeling
Gesture recognition with HMM
Dividing and forecasting a normal distribution
Survival analysis with categorical variable
Generate random correlated variable from known $X$
When to use the standard error on the mean
Standard error of a ratio
Autocorrelation in panel data
Nonparametric credible intervals
Max Entropy Solver in R
Replacing kernel for a Poisson distribution in an equation
Random variables mapping to a state space that isn't a set of real numbers?
Fourier transform of distributions
What is the outline for the procedure of model selection, with different models based on likelihood functions?
Deriving the change in a Poisson lambda over time
Is Benjamini-Hochberg correction more conservative as the number of comparisons increases?
How to determine how many unique visitors should be in the control group
A reliable measure of series similarity - correlation just doesn't cut it for me
Why divide by square root of K in calculating Stouffer Z?
Handling outliers when comparing two means in a repeated measures design
Is additive logistic regression equivalent to boosted decision stumps?
Mahalanobis distance as measure of dissimilarity between strings (sequences)
What statistic test apply to a cell count time line?
Average value from ranges in a survey
Are mean normalization and feature scaling needed for k-means clustering?
Joint distribution of two gamma random variables
Difference between ANCOVA and Hierarchical Regression
Why is Stouffer's method often used with one-tailed $p$-values rather than two-tailed $p$-values?
Calculating statistical power
Finding a trend in variance
Type of input data (proportions or log-ratios) for compositional analysis
How to analyze a dependent variable that should really be a ratio (per capita for example) but where the denominator is unkown
Optimizing across multiple classification models (different training sets)
How can factor-levels be automatically chosen in R to maximize the number of positive coefficients in a regression model?
Combining multiple posterior distributions
Choosing variables to include in a multiple linear regression model
What are some interval-varying continuous time series models
Power transformation on interactions in linear regression
How to compute asymptotic confidence intervals for differences in quantiles?
What data structure is necessary for survival analysis?
Regression based for example on days of week
How to do post-hoc contrasts on within factor depending on certain between groups in SPSS?
Quantifying differences in a discrete distribution across several populations
How do I collect data for simple self-survey
SVM, variable interaction and training data fit
Should I use a binomial cdf or a normal cdf when flipping coins?
Confidence interval around the ratio of two proportions
How is  the SAS REPLICATE statement in PROC NLMIXED different from a FREQ statement?
When to choose PCA vs. LSA/LSI
Error when running glmnet in multinomial
Can mutual information gain value be greater than 1
Determining optimum sample size and statistical tests
Hidden Markov models with Baum-Welch algorithm using python
Observation symbols for training a set of HMMs
Estimating one logit vs. two logits using 2 dependent variables (i.e. restricting the two logits to have the same coefficients
Error count limit for known residual failure rate and desired false-positive rate?
Confused about relevance of Bayes' theorem to my problem
Accounting for discrete or binary parameters in Bayesian information criterion
Finding suitable rules for new data using arules
Extending 2-class models to multi-class problems
References for weighted linear regression with linear constraints on the coefficients?
What is a good reference book for the matrix algebra linear algebra used a lot in applied statistics?
Accounting for the presence of a variable in regression?
What's the order of correlation?
For lognormal data, what are necessary sample sizes for a difference in means between treatment / control
Understanding proof of McDiarmid's inequality
Does the p-value in the incremental F-test determine how many trials I expect to get correct?
How can I draw a boxplot without boxes in R?
Two clocks problem and measurements
In R, what is the best graphics driver for using the graphs in Microsoft Word?
Stability of beta coefficients
the effect of Moving average parameter and autoregressive parameter on MA(1)and AR(1) demand process, respectively
Transforming the dummy values to be able to take logs
What machine learning algorithm can be used to predict the stock market?
Computation speed in R?
Effect size and signal detection
Why is it claimed that a sample is often more accurate than a census?
Good reference book for epidemiology
Using monte carlo integration with bisection method to find a true value in R
What sense does it make to compare p-values to each other?
Using controls as basis for quantile/tertile categorization
Seasonality of treatment and Average Treatment Effect
Conditional independence isn't guaranteed when specifying the marginal distributions?
Why are discriminative models called 'discriminative'?
Nonlinear mixed methods, Monte Carlo simulation and appropriate use of weighting for population distribution estimation
Estimating probability of success, given a reference population
What is the closest approximation to computing the $X$th percentile (say 95th) from bins of data?
How do I account for both intra- and inter-individual variance when comparing the control with a conditioned test stimulus?
How to specify a lognormal distribution in the glm family argument in R?
Best way to perform multiclass SVM
An approach to visualise/investigate multi-dimensional data
What is the best machine learning approach for enhancing the weights of features based on common features between classes?
Minimum sample size for unpaired t-test
How to turn a confidence set into a confidence interval
How to analyze GEE with unevenly spaced observations?
In benchmark tests should I use formulas assuming a population or a sample?
How to compare accuracy measures in method comparison studies?
What are good datasets to illustrate particular aspects of statistical analysis?
How to estimate the mode using non-parametric methods of a 4-variate random vector drawn from a continuous multivariate distribution?
What is the variance-covariance matrix of the OLS residual vector?
How are classifications merged in an ensemble classifier?
How to supplement comparing benchmark results (means) with a two-sided t-test?
Bayesian variable selection in R
Comparing logistic regressions
Distribution of execution time for benchmarking?
How to compute Cronbach's alpha with only one measurement per subject?
Prediction vs. association with linear regression
Embarrassingly parallel machine learning algorithms
Inverse probability of treatment weighted (IPTW) estimator for a binary outcome
Do Random Forests exhibit prediction bias?
Question about aggregated data and the effect on specific contributors
What is the correct procedure to choose the lag when performing Johansen cointegration test?
Multivariate correlation in sensitivity analysis
Property of KL-divergence
Distance metric and curse of dimensions
Forecast and errors, dependent or independent
How to compute precision/recall for multiclass-multilabel classification?
DLM package, state equation, maximum likelihood with constant terms
Artificial dataset generator for classification data
Which R package can estimate parameters in my Kalman Filter
Range of standardized coefficients in a discriminant analysis
How do I fit a constrained regression in R so that coefficients total = 1?
Where do data mining and computer vision converge?
Softmax regression bias and prior probabilities for unequal classes
How to plot decision boundary of a k-nearest neighbor classifier from Elements of Statistical Learning?
Can one alter a MCMC method to reduce variance when the function of interest (not just the distribution) is complex?
Curve fitting multivariate data for maximal correlation with univariate data?
Aggregate opinions to a single measure
How to assess whether a coin tossed 900 times and comes up heads 490 times is biased?
Why doesn't classifier accuracy increase linearly with k in k-fold validation?
How to find mean relative differences?
How to test for and deal with regression toward the mean?
How wise is the use of ANCOVA when groups differ on the covariate?
Optimising for Precision-Recall curves under class imbalance
What is a representative sample?
How can I calculate a critical t value using R?
Interpretation of a log likelihood function for PROC NLMIXED in SAS
Create a phrase net with R
What is the difference between GLM and GEE?
Length weighted median
How to calculate odds ratio and p-values for Fisher's test?
Reinforcement learning of a policy for multiple actors in large state spaces
Can I combine Standard errors of coefficients with an unbalanced data set?
What is the Johnson family of distributions good for? What are their main features and applications?
What bandwidth should I use for my kernel density estimation?
Distribution fitting
What is quantile normalization?
How to fairly determine winners for a regional science fair?
Train a SVM-based classifier while taking into account the weight information
Multivariate linear regression model
Biplots: Adding supplementry points to a biplot which only use a subset of the variables
Oversampling in logistic regression
Probabilities and Linear Regression
R - Clustering and Multidimensional Scaling
Test for accuracy of prediction of financial time series
fitting a function
Power calculations/sample size for biomarker study
Can one obtain a p-value for all levels of factor when doing a GLM?
Statistically back-calculating: Markov Chain?
Non-overlapping aggregation and autocorrelation
Advantages and limitations of Gwet’s AC1 statistic and PABAK
Is there a package in R that calculates the Durbin-Watson test assuming a weighted regression?
How to train and validate a neural network model in R?
Aligning sample data
Comparing anchored and unanchored likert scale data
Confidence interval overlap - judging the similarity of estimates
Normalization in pairwise hypothesis testing
Guidelines for calculating sample size
What are the mean and variance of the ratio of two lognormal variables?
Are mathematically-coupled variables spurious predictors in linear regressions?
Why is a zero-intercept linear regression model predicts better than a model with an intercept?
How can I perform weibull analysis on monthly recorded data of wind speeds?
Sample weighting
Reference book for ecological studies
Alternative argument in Fisher's exact test in R
What is a difference between random effects-, fixed effects- and marginal model?
Is this a valid approach to testing a hypothesis about the relationship between two variables?
Multiple regression problem S Shape Residuals
Encoding categorical features to numbers for machine learning
How to perform model selection in GEE in R
Count data from unequal time frames
Co-efficient of correlation weighted method for spatial interpolation
Comparing linear vs. non-linear regression model for best fit
Finding similarity between a reference and few working documents
Evaluation measure of clustering (without having truth labels)
Problem with Developing a Model for an Exploratory Study (PCA EFA)
First quick glance at a dataset
Cohen's d and multiple comparisons for 2/3-way ANOVA
Is there a R command for testing the difference in coefficients of two linear regression​s?
Can structural equation models be used to derive clinical formulae?
Understanding Naive Bayes
Probability over multiple blocks of events
Resources about probability proportional to size (PPS) sampling method
Reference for random forests
Estimating synergy of treatments in time series data
Formulating and fitting a nonlinear model that looks like a product of linear models
Selecting best model based on linear, quadratic and cubic fit of data
Convergence of identically distributed normal random variables
Is the variance of the multivariate folded normal distribution known?
Predicting multiple targets or classes?
Interpreting a negative confidence limit for a proportion
Gini coefficient and error bounds
How to determine if two survey questions are independent?
Delta method and correlated variables
How to determine if a price decrease is historically significant?
Statistical test for large unequal sample size
Consistent ranked list for ROC interpolation
Basic Simpson's paradox
Minimum-Distance estimation of mixed/mixture distributions
What is the difference between the MCD and the MVE estimators?
Modeling null transitions in the Hidden Markov Model for use with the Viterbi algorithm
Can a categorical variable be divided by a numerical variable?
Calculating Total Probabilities from a Poisson Random Variable
How do I clean up inconsistent survey data?
Looking for some intuition regarding the MCD estimator
Memory-based learning: Predicting gender of French nouns
Latent class model
Epanechnikov kernel and GCV
How can 8 dimensions be reduced to 3?
How to test for temperature differences between years and sites?
Bayesian inference of parameters: residuals are independent but not normally distributed
Relatively normalizing values for collaborative filtering
Implementation of stratified crossvalidation for classification problem
Methods for comparing clustering results
What is the scale of prediction from models using the poisson family?
Non-parametric test for unequal samples with subsequent post-hoc analysis?
Different prediction plot from survival coxph and rms cph
Seeking to understand asymmetry in hypothesis testing
Is it possible to make quantitative comparisons using income inequality metrics?
Effect of uncertainty in a parameter of a probability model on decisions
Showing $ \frac{1}{n} \sum_{i=1}^n (X_i - \bar{X})^q \to E((X-EX)^q)$ in probability
How do I compare 2 models?
Bounded in probability ($o_{P}$)
How to calculate SD from pre SD and post SD?
General-to-specific or ordered response probit?
What is the real answer to the Birthday question?
Comparing entries in correlation matrices
Sample size and cross-validation methods for Cox regression predictive models
How are margins of error related to confidence Intervals?
Combining ratings from multiple raters of different accuracy
Online fitting for normal distributions
How to get started on multivariate predictive modeling?
How to compute an accuracy measure based on RMSE? Is my large dataset normally distributed?
Stationary distribution on a partition of the state space?
party vs. rpart vs. ??? for partitioning trees in R
Interaction terms interpretation
Web based forecasting tools
Determining which variables affect which measurements
What's a good approach to teaching R in a computer lab?
Questions about Nolan's stable.exe program
Difference between linear regression prediction intervals and logistic regression targets
Generating correlation matrices using Wishart distribution
Building document exemplar training models for SVM
Non-response rate
Interpreting multiple linear regression
Adjusting the p-value for adaptive sequential analysis (for chi square test)?
VIF values in regression
Random walk out of sample forecasting 
Relativization and tackling an overdispersed dataset
Using and interpreting type I SOS in three-way ANOVA
What to report from hierarchical regression?
Omitted variable bias in time series
Particle filter in R – trivial code example
Looking for a hierarchical-clustering method for multiple data types
Are two empirically estimated Markov chains statistically different?
Probability of winning a tournament
Is there a way to use cross validation to do variable/feature selection in R?
Estimating an unknown restricted Markov Chain from partial measurements
Logistic / T-test p-values
Good source of information about AMOVA
How to explain poor classification performance of recall when using SVM?
How is the sum of normally-scaled inverse gamma variates distributed?
Converting Bs parameter estimates into Betas
Problem with character vectors and linear regression in R
Why is my replication of Silver & Dunlap 1987 not working out?
Custom error function for randomForest R package 
Evaluating the relationship between two attributes in a gene study
Are ratio, interval, ordinal and nominal variables nested?
Which algorithm would be most appropriate for this
Markov chain long run probabilities
Find degradation rate on a scatterplot
Can lognormal + constant be still considered lognormal?
Visualizing predicted probabilities from logistic regression with a weighted sample in Stata
How to read Cook's distance plots?
Granger causality as a means of validation
How to do cross-validation with a Cox proportional hazards model?
Dependent thinning Poisson process
Combining the results of two surveys
Missing values in response variable in JAGS
How to determine which factor levels are best?
How to interpret poor performance when using neural network?
decision tree using user defined split function in rpart: No splits returned when tree is run
Ways to determine if experience or recent practice time is more significant in ranking?
Finding a prediction interval for an lmer model via mcmcsamp versus simulate
How to choose the most appropriate distribution for a given vector in R?
Can someone please explain dynamic time warping for determining time series similarity?
How to convert molecular categorical variables to dummy variables for cluster analysis?
Restricted permutations
Gower's dissimilarity index
Correlating two distributions to a third
Probability density function (pdf) of normal sample variance ($S^2$)
How to choose significance level for a large data set?
How do I specify priors for angle parameters in BUGS/JAGS?
Intuition behind power law distribution
Data mining papers/examples
Question on term used for this kind of questionnaire item and type of analysis followed
Weighted kernel density plot in R
Need help in automatically computing optimal hyper-parameters for a clustering algorithm
Assessing spurious effect of a third variable on the relationship between a response and a predictor
Reference On Panel Data Analysis
When can RMSEA be zero?
Canonical reference for Naive Bayes classifier
What is the use of the line produced by qqline() in R?
Structural shifts
Linear regression optimization
Relative entropy optimization
What prior distributions are used in mcmcsamp() from lme4?
Why normalise the standard deviation of neural network input?
Goodness of fit between empirical distribution and theoretical distribution
Expression for the median of a sum of half-Cauchy random variables
In simple linear regression, how do I show that the squared test statistic for the null hypothesis has an F-distribution?
Probability that a random sample will have certain elements
How to decrease training set size?
Explanation of statistical simulation 
What are some use of dense matrices in statistics?
Phylogenetic dependent variables: ANOVA?
Multiple regression and OLS. How to choose the best non-linear specification?
Correlation between variables
How to use weights for imbalanced data in R's randomForest?
Generating correlated numbers from independent distributions
Poisson with an autoregressive term
How can I find correlations between crashes and system environments?
Updating classification probability in logistic regression through time
Fixed-effects or mixed-effects models to population based data
How to replace the top 1% of the data with a new value in R?
Sample size for unequal groups in logistic regression
How does centering the data get rid of the intercept?
What is conditioning in spatial statistics?
Which performance measure to use when using SVM: MSE or MAE?
Compare two nonparametric curve estimation approaches: kernel and orthogonal basis
Standardized beta weights for a multilevel regression
Is chi-squared always a one-sided test?
Estimating 2D mean from uneven samples
Wavelet smoothing at different scales
Performance of the fuzzy c-means clustering algorithm
Using R to bootstrap the variance difference
Variables in factor analysis with different metrics/response categories
Assessing an interaction term
Why not approach classification through regression?
Interpreting a quadratic logarithmic term
Why it is often assumed Gaussian distribution?
Repeated measures structural equation modeling
Estimation and functional space
Using Fractional Polynomials for Logistic Regression Modelling in R
Reducing the number of variables in a multiple regression
Significance of multinomial data
$E(\min_{1 \leq i \leq m} |x - y_i|)$
Calculating E[log(g(x))]
Power analysis for ordinal logistic regression
Predictive Modeling - Should we care about mixed modeling?
What kind of cut-offs are used for publication bias tests in meta-analysis?
SVM parameter selection and cross validation
Methodology for validation of stochastic simulations with Kolmogorov-Smirnov test
Identifying instrumental variables for structural model
Testing for difference between incidence rates in R, spatial rdd
How to conceptualize error in a regression model?
How to generate random variates from random variables with known density?
Sphering data with SVD components of covariance matrix
Discrimination and calibration of Cox model
Cox model with Lasso for PH test and P value
Stratified Cox model
Modern successor to Exploratory Data Analysis by Tukey?
Confidence interval for chi-square
Compound risk lottery
Options for comparing logistic regression models
Odds of drawing at least k identical values among m after n draws?
Three-parts correlation or equivalent?
LASSO/LARS vs general to specific (GETS) method
Including day of week in a logit model
How to test hypothesis for group differences?
Understanding factor analysis 
Confirming the distribution of residuals in linear regression
SVM and cross validation with a minimum finding algorithm
Use of standard error of bootstrap distribution
Determining the right method to compare observed versus measured data
How to test if reading from two devices are significantly different?
Probability that uniformly random points in a rectangle have Euclidean distance less than a given threshold
Log-likelihood of multivariate Poisson distribution
Is using a questionnaire score (EuroQol's EQ-5D) with a bimodal distribution as outcome in linear regression a problem?
Problem with informative censoring
Correlation under uncertainty
Is there an intuitive interpretation of $A^TA$?
How to draw valid conclusions from big data?
Estimators for Bernoulli trials
What can one tell a school kid about statistics and machine learning?
Effect size for Fisher's exact test?
Statistical tests to do data quality checks
MLR prediction intervals joint region
Understanding central limit theorem
How to tell if data is filtered well?
ICC reduced to 0 in a multi-level model. Should this be suspicious?
Functional dependency in Support Vector Machine input
Markov blanket vs normal dependency in a Bayesian network
Convexity of loss function with respect to the mean
What test do I use for language variance data?
Problem in understanding hidden Markov model EM training and log-lik computation result
How to compare two non-randomly selected groups within a sample?
Cross validation procedure - is this right?
Generating functions for Poisson regression using MATLAB
Central limit theorem versus law of large numbers
Difference between likelihood principle and repeated sampling principle
When will a less true model predict better than a truer model?
Difference in  using normalized gradient and gradient
PCA and proportion of variance explained
What do statisticians do that can't be automated?
Calculation of seasonal (annual) component of time-series: use of cross-validation?
How to obtain optimally scaled data from homals in R?
Common standards for data import file formats for statistics software?
P values seem to be the wrong way around
Find the minimum of an expensive-to-sample noisy paraboloid
Quantile regression prediction
Base-10 lognormal PDF integrated over log10(x)
Convergence of a genetic algorithm
R from command line
How does the Kinect use random forests?
Time series analysis in Python
Variance decomposition using ANOVA
Detect outliers in mixture of Gaussians
Does anybody use star-schema databases to collect and organize their data?
Formula for single linear regression for dataset that has uncertainties on both x and y
Multiclass SVM + Ineffective X Validation, Time Series Prediction 
Understanding no free lunch theorem in Duda et al's Pattern Classification
Raw residuals versus standardised residuals versus studentised residuals - what to use when?
Is the true relation between independent and dependent variables assumed to be a function or a distribution?
Does the link function in a GLM influence the plot of residuals?
Stratified sampling with multiple variables?
How to integrate principal components with GLM?
Learning association between multiple effects and causal outcomes
Good reference on analysis of dependent samples
Can the interaction term of two insignificant coefficients be significant?
T-test vs. Permutation test on (not surely) normal data
What is distribution of lengths of gaps between occurrences of ones in Bernoulli process?
Text mining power calculations?
Incremental or Online or Single pass or Data Stream Clustering refers to the same thing?
Kullback-Leibler divergence
What is a practically good data analysis process?
Fitting an ordinal response variable
How to show unbiased estimator of combination of bernoulli and normal variables?
How to create a loop without command for in Bugs?
Is it allowed to use a 5% trimmed mean for analyzing data from a creativity task (quantity of ideas)?
How to deal with RAM limitations when working with big datasets in R?
What is the difference between linear regression on y with x and x with y?
Taking correlation before or after log-transformation of variables
McKay's bivariate Gamma distribution
Analyze and visualize participants response towards particular condition
When generating a corpus for latent Dirichlet allocation, does word frequency within documents matter?
Chances of meeting people who's initials contain a J
What is the most effective way to combine different rating scales for the same data?
Problem simulating AR(2) process
Using control charts for data with non-constant mean?
How to compute importance sampling?
Determining regression tree quality
SAS' PROC ARIMA does not converge 
How many possibilities is there to choose 10 boxes of given size?
Covariance matrix of uniform spherical distribution
Propagation of uncertainty/standard deviations in biological experiments
Feature naming conventions
Test for significance with no comparator
Appropriate residual degrees of freedom after dropping terms from a model
Dimensionality reduction using self-organizing map
Simple problem formulation for EM algorithm
How to combine many Goodman-Kruskal gamma measures?
What is the minimum sample size for panel data analysis?
EM maximum likelihood estimation for Weibull distribution
When to use proportional odds model?
Formula for marginal probability in CRF++
Compare the difference of two probabilities or a ratio of probabilities?
What are the dangers of violating the homoscedasticity assumption for linear regression?
What theories should every statistician know?
How to draw neat polygons around scatterplot regions in ggplot2
How to interpret 3-way interaction with one continuous variable in mixed model
Calculating P-value for Spearman's rank correlation coefficient example on Wikipedia
Regression when your dependent variable is the difference between two doubly censored variables
Why is there an R^2 value (and what is determining it) when lm has no variance in the predicted value?
Significance of difference using a distance matrix
Computing 2 independent models at once leads to wrong results in WinBUGS
Can I somehow compute variance explained by PC after Oblique rotation in PCA?
How to avoid and handle survey non-response?
Normalizing reading times using analysis of variance
Bayesian updating using $n$ noisy observations of Brownian motion
How to generate correlated test data that has Bernoulli, categorical, and continuous vectors (in R)?
How should I set up my data for a logit model?
Expressing observations in regression
The union, intersection and complement of events
Computing the expected value using the sample mean gives poor convergence?
Linear combination of two dependent multivariate normal random variables
Most efficient order to learn LaTeX, Sweave, Beamer?
How does linear discriminant analysis reduce the dimensions?
CART analysis with multiple dependent variables
Reparameterizing the binomial link for psychometric data
Correlation of elevation data and elevation uncertainty as a function of range in a DEM
Model evaluation and comparison for selecting the best model  
How to deal with gaps/NaNs in time series data when using Matlab for autocorrelation and neural networks?
Regression with an unknown dependent variable
What is a good proposal distribution for this density (in rejection sampling)? Is mine correct?
Treatment of interactions in multiple regression
Entropy based on euclidian distances between datapoints / clusters centers?
Posterior distribution and computation of probability of a future event
Regression coefficients by group in R?
When will PCA be equivalent to ICA?
Variation of Skewness and Excess Kurtosis
How to collapse groups in data defined by a group variable in R?
Sample size planning with required CI width and guessed propotion, using Wilson method
Expected number of coin tosses to get N consecutive, given M consecutive
Bayesian prior corresponding to penalized regression coefficients
Robust variance/covariance matrix in Poisson regression
How to calculate threshold level for mutual information scores?
Estimate fatigue life parameters in R
Outliers spotting in time series analysis, should I pre-process data or not?
Using autocorrelation plots to choose the number of inputs for a neural network predicting time series
Cox proportional hazard model and non-randomly selected sample
Finding windows of high-correlation across coordinates in R
Rank correlation and demonstrating reasonable proficiency in rank ordering
Simulating responses to a test for item-response theory
How to find local peaks/valleys in a series of data?
What is a main difference between RBF neural networks and SVM with a RBF kernel?
Significant effect in lme4 mixed model
Survey weights in logistic regression models
Calculate Average Rate of Change for a Set of Points
What types of situations would linear regression outperform randomforest?
Assessing forecastability of time series
Analysing over 300,000 rows in Excel to make pretty graphs
When parsing text for n-grams - should punctuation be included?
How can I simulate new observations to a fitted model object while specifying the covariates in R?
Cool article on behavioral targeting - How do you think they solved it?
Bayesian inference on noncentrality parameters of t- and F-distributions
Dynamic recommender systems
Mackey-glass regression experiments
Estimating same model over multiple time series
Fastest SVM implementation
Bandwidth value for vector of equal values in kernel density estimation
Interpretation and validation of a Cox proportional hazards regression model using R in plain English
Perfectly correlated (normal) random variables
Does control get us closer to or farther from causation?
How to resample matrices to test for the robustness of their correlation?
How to find quantiles for multivariate data using R?
Bootstrap distribution of a breakpoint not centered around its parameter estimate
Confused by MATLAB's implementation of ridge
Is there a way to test a probabilistic prediction for an uncontrollable experiment?
Given a known population size and rate of occurrence, how do I calculate a reasonable sample size?
Steps to figure out a posterior distribution when it might be simple enough to have an analytic form?
How to perform a multivariate multiple regression in R?
What are similarity measures between a line and a set of points?
How do I weight words in title, body text, and links differently in document clustering?
Simple linear regression
Sampling distribution of random effects estimator
How to handle missing data when determining differences between groups using chi-squared or Fisher's exact test
Non-parametric test for repeated measures and post-hoc single comparisons in R?
Distinguishing missing at random (MAR) from missing completely at random (MCAR)
Steps to figure out a posterior distribution when it might be simple enough to have an analytic form?
Expected value and variance of arithmetic mean of random variables
Standardized mean decomposition (Oaxaca-Blinder decomposition)
How to interpret result for MultiModelByRegression in RapidMiner?
Benefits of using genetic algorithm
Unbalanced design effect
R knn variable selection
Which mean to use and when?
Minimum variance unbiased estimator
Solving for regression parameters in closed-form vs gradient descent
Looking for 2D artificial data to demonstrate properties of clustering algorithms
How are piecewise cubic spline bases constructed?
When to use Fisher and Neyman-Pearson framework?
Remove duplicates from training set for classification
How much sub-questions impact one ordinal question in a survey
Expectation of length of a confidence interval for a proportion
Test for significant difference in ratios of normally distributed random variables
What is the level of measurement of image data?
Choosing between best two attributes with the same information gain when building decision tree
Use of robust spread measures such median average deviation and median filters for time series
Help with SEM modeling (OpenMx, polycor)
Comparing standard deviations of two dependent samples
Plot precision recall using a vector of ranks
Conditional regression for 2 SD below / above the mean
How is EM used in the sense of data mining on images?
Resampling without replacement in R, with a loop
Maximum entropy classifier and sentiment analysis
How to determine the marginal pdf, the posterior?
Given a fitted regression model, how to calculate the p-value of a new observation?
Basic question about cross validation
Averaging images
Join parameter estimation is always better than independent parameter estimation. True?
Type III sum of squares from SAS and R
Are all attributes/data points inherently nominal?
Comparing a sample distribution to an implied distribution
Expected hitting time of a level $a$ for Brownian motion
Incremental training of Neural Networks
Which of the parameters in LibSVM is the slack variable?
Measuring inter-subject agreement in user ratings
Cohen's d for 2x2 interaction
What is the most accurate way of determining an object's color?
Network graph with avatars as nodes
learn R (Statistics)
Intersubject concordance for ratings vs rankings
Convex vs. concave curve - measurement or index
How to perform post-hoc comparison on interaction term with mixed-effects model?
How do I improve my neural network stability?
Cross validation and ordinal logistic regression
How to find best split in decision trees using label vectors?
Seasonally adjusted month-to-month growth with underlying weekly seasonality
Out of sample predictions for logistic regression models in R
Open-sourced pairwise learning models
Adjusting for zero mean (standardizing) in a multiple regression model
Statistical model for my problem
Comparing odds ratios of continuous and discrete variables
Crossed random effects and unbalanced data
How do you calculate the effect size of one-sample Wilcoxon signed-rank test?
Paired t-test as a special case of linear mixed-effect modeling (still unresolved)
Interpretation of a linear regression
Confidence interval and statistical significance in comparison of AUC
Least angle regression for a set of vectors?
Sequential testing
How is splitting done on numerical predictors in randomForest package in R?
I can't tell whether my data are seasonal or just affected by calendar effects
MCMC for infinite variance posteriors
Why is ezANOVA not giving me Mauchly´s test of sphericity, even though I belive I have more than 2 levels of within-Ss variables?
Cross correlation vs mutual information
How to follow up a 3-way interaction with one continuous variable in F-test fixed effects in mixed model
Compute areas of Venn diagram given covariance matrix?
BY and WITH command in mixed model SPSS
Create positive-definite 3x3 covariance matrix given specified correlation values
Plotting relationship between three variables in Matlab
Very different scale parameter estimates in Poisson regression
How to perform a Wilcoxon signed rank test for survival data in R?
Why is there an asymmetry between the training step and evaluation step?
Classification with tall fat data
Possible to get a better ANN by removing some connections?
What's the best Kernel Regression package in R?
Number of states and symbols in multi class Hidden Markov Model classifier
Dealing with mixed categorical data: e.g. Heritage Health Prize data
Average case analysis of learning algorithms
Large performance variance when using back-propagation in neural networks for feature extraction
PCA, LDA, CCA, and PLS
How to perform Gaussian process regression when  function being approximated changes over time? 
MRF MAP inference for non-submodular pairwise terms
Continuous Multistate Ada-boost method?
Viable distance metric for text articles
Online clustering
Probabilistic outputs from SVMs
Where do I find large face datasets?
Classification of conversations based on content
Dealing with very large time-series datasets
Beyond Fisher kernels
Are experts harmful?
What is the Drosophila of AI now?
What are probabilistic approaches to finding the right number of clusters?
Best bandit algorithm?
Independence in classification
What is a kernel and what sets it apart from other functions
In boosting, why are the learners weak?
How does a Support Vector Machine (SVM) work?
CCA/KCCA for more than two views
What is standing in the way of pulsed neural networks being used in applications?
Kernel matrix normalisation
Learning on huge datasets
Automatic data cleansing
Subtree replacement vs subtree raising
Difference between dynamic programming and temporal difference learning in reinforcement learning
Decision trees and backward pruning
How can I help ensure testing data does not leak into training data?
Classifier success rate and confidence intervals
Dynamic recommender systems
Is whitening always good?
Multilayer neural networks for multivariate temporal data
Automatic feature selection for anomaly detection
Classification of observation symbols in a HMM?
At what n do n-grams become counterproductive?
Fiducial Inference in Machine Learning
Are MFCCs the optimal method of representing music to a retrieval system?
How would you design a machine learning system to play Angry Birds?
Modern neural networks that build their own topology
Why does Natural Language Processing not fall under Machine Learning domain?
How to create recommender system that integrates both collaborative filtering and content features?
What language to use for genetic programming
Are associative networks still pertinent for data mining applications?
Dealing with datasets with a variable number of features
Is there a Project Euler-alike for machine learning?
Are machine learning techniques approximation algorithms?
Probability and log probability in hidden Markov models
Problem specific regularization
Does a sparse training set adversely affect an SVM?
How to decide on the correct number of clusters?
Why do we assume that the error is normally distributed?
Are there algorithms for computing running linear or logistic regression parameters?
What are alternatives to VC-dimension for measuring the complexity of neural networks?
On what tasks does neuroevolution outperform basic application of neural networks or genetic algorithms?
Applying machine learning for DDoS filtering
Why do naive Bayesian classifiers perform so well?
What is the proper naming scheme for dataset parts?
What's the correct way to test the significance of classification results
Probabilistic (Bayesian) vs Optimisation (Frequentist) methods in Machine Learning
Domain-agnostic feature engineering that retains semantic meaning?
What is a good method for designing an HTM network in terms of depth and breadth?
Creating a maximum entropy Markov model from an existing multi-input maximum entropy classifier
Fast method for finding best metaparameters of SVM (that is faster than grid search)
How do I evaluate standard deviation?
Estimating State Space Model in R with MARSS package and shared parameters between Q and R
Convergence in distribution, probability, and 2nd mean
How to interpret a multi-variable regression model?
Generating likely populations given a subsample and control totals
Density function from percentiles (P10, P25, P75, P90, mean and median)?
Segmentation of employees
Generating from Dirichlet distribution with the differences in a sequence of ordered uniform
Quadratic term and variance inflation factor in OLS estimation
Conditional probability problem
Train NN or SVM to classify stock signals
Standard algorithms for doing hierarchical linear regression?
Estimating a linear function mapping from n-dim to 1-dim
Breakdown point of weighted median
What are the strongest boosting alternatives to Adaboost?
How to verify that the model is real?
How can I discern whether a classifier's outcome is significantly different?
Functional principal component analysis (FPCA). what is all about?
When should dimensional-reduction be used?
Dimensionality reduction method for uncorrelated data?
Should I re-scale the PCA score before classification?
Why is this regret a good choice for a multi-armed bandit?
Testing an implementation of Bayes Factor code
How is the support in the Apriori algorithm calculated in the case of duplicates?
Checking normality of a Likert scaling question
Is paired t-test valid for half-normal data?
To exclude or include the intercept in GLM model
Parameters to change for different kernels for SVM
Multiple testing correction
Effect size as the hypothesis for significance testing
Longitudinal modelling of ordinal censored data
How I calculate the confidence interval for nonparametric count data? (Is it possible in GraphPad Prism?)
Interaction term as a dependant variable in LMM with R
goodness of fit? how to test if a set of simulated data distributions are well-fitted to an empirical data distribution in R or Python?
SVM rbf kernel - heuristic method for estimating gamma
r :Does rpart require normalized data set for the input variable?
Estimating a 1-D Brownian motion process using noisy observations
Testing for significance of difference between two populations
How to illustrate the Coefficient of determination using graphics (preferably using R)?
How to test whether average of ten independent correlations is different from zero?
Explanation of R diagnostic plot for logistic regression
What can be going wrong when Maximum Likelihood standard errors are high?
Interpretation of Coefficient
Normalized correlation with a constant vector
How to measure distance for features with different scales?
What test - close to zero
Random effect on scale parameter
How do you call a situation or a point at wich statistics data stops changing?
When additive modeling is better?
Asymptotic Efficiency of Two-Stage Least Squares
Marginal of a uniform distribution
Time Series Regression: serially correlated errors vs autocorrelation of residuals?
Pairwise comparison of vectors with unequal sizes and unequal variances
Detecting patterns of cheating and collusion in competition
Multiple regression: What to do when the intercept is not significant?
Python packages for working with Gaussian mixture models (GMMs)
Is cross-validation the most important measure of a predictive model's effectiveness?
Statistics or probabilities associated to each cluster in order to predict if a future datapoint is member of its nearest center
Gaussian process hype optimization
How to perform genetic-algorithm variable selection in R for SVM input variables?
Residual analysis of cross-sectional time-series forecasts
How to retrieve model-specific information when using the caret package?
How to compare weighted multivariate linear models?
Use of autoregressive metric for ARIMA clustering and analysis
Can every retrospective cohort study be transformed into a case control study?
Issues when data is unavailable when sampling a finite population without replacement
Discrete event simulation with 2D data
Confidence intervals for a polynomial
Is there a way to disable the parameter tuning (grid) feature in CARET?
Checking If two experiments match
Getting R square value from ctree
How to use ppoints to generate points within 0 and 0.05 for qq plotting in R?
Interpreting effect size
How should mixed effects models be compared and or validated?
Most interesting statistical paradoxes
How does the expected value relate to mean, median, etc. in a non-normal distribution?
Fitting panel data with both variable and constant coefficients using R
When is brownian covariance less appropriate than linear covariance?
Is AR(1) a Markov process?
What is the proper name of this optimal-policy area chart, and how can I make one?
Why does GBM predict different values for the same data
Strange kernlab's relevance vector machine predictions
Statistical test for a value being significantly further from the population mean: is it a Z-test or a T-test?
Correlation of the result of an algorithm to the coefficient of variation of the input
Grid search and tolerance in libsvm
Are there problems with inference using linear regression on observational data with highly skewed distributions of predictor values?
How to draw B-spline plots via the PROC GLIMMIX procedure in SAS?
Good statistical software system for teaching response surface design?
How to interpret weight-position plot when using self-organizing map for clustering?
Invertibility of AR(p) model
How to compute confidence interval for number to treat in a logistic regression?
What are some good (ideally free) tools to give laymen access to basic statistical techniques?
Is there a way to specify a lme model with more than one within-subjects factor?
How do I compute a confidence level for a forced ranking survey?
Model with truncated count response
What factors make for a great stats book?
Good starting book on psychometrics
Statistical model of a website
Deriving posterior of Beta distribution
Precision recall curve for nearest neighbor classifier
How to forecast based on aggregated data over irregular intervals?
Use of PCA analysis to select variables for a regression analysis
What common forecasting models can be seen as special cases of ARIMA models?
General Non-linear Regularized Models
How to analyze this dataset with 2 between-, two within- factors using lme4?
Correlation coefficient for use with nonlinear finite sets
SAS: When using by statement, what does var1 = . mean in output?
Reproducing ARIMA model outside R
Survival analysis - help with determining source of error
How to handle changing definitions of regions over time in data?
Linear model Heteroscedasticity
Shape detection for time series data
Is my interpretation of Neural Network results correct?
Inferring a likely full population from multinomial measurement or survey data
Objective function in linked prediction models
Analyzing Logistic Regression when not using a dichotomous dependent variable
Marginalizing probability
How do you report significant contrast results for a MANOVA in APA style?
Why are my p-values so high?
Speeding up R Loops in an EM algorithm implementation
Coding of categorical variables in logistic regression
What is French data analysis?
How to correlate ordinal and nominal variables in SPSS?
Pre-process classification data according to ‘amount of evidence’
Calculating p-values and pnorm() in R
Which kind of statistical test should I try for a sample with bivariate data?
Non-linear (e.g. RBF kernel) SVM with SCAD penalties implementation
Summarize contingency table in R
How can I produce a plot showing the directional angles of my points?
How to sample natural numbers, such that the sum is equal to a constant?
Probability distribution of windowed cross-correlation
Question about logistic regression
Convergence failure with step-by-step parameter estimates in SAS proc logistic using the OFFSET option
How much does quantizing continuous data affect power?
Testing strict exogeneity in time series
PLS in R with the pls package
Dividing an estimate with confidence limits
How to generate a group summary categorical variable for survival analysis in Stata?
Multiple values in a timestamp
AUC in ordinal logistic regression
How to correlate two time series, with possible time differences
How to select the final model with elastic net feature selection, cross validation and SVM?
Non-linear regularized SVM implementation
Broken Tobit regressions
Graphical nominal model
Should estimates over a subsample be similar to the full sample when using panel data?
Orthogonalized regression reference?
What's a good normality test for time-series / sleep data?
How do I calculate single variable confidence intervals assuming different distributions with R?
How to make sense of luck in a multilinear regression?
Why Levene test of equality of variances rather than F ratio?
$\eta^2$ and paired t-tests
To use Discrete Fourier Transform to invert a covariance matrix
How to know when to stop reducing dimensions with PCA?
Dealing with R type of variables when doing multiple imputation with the mi package
Can a repeated measures-design be non-temporal in nature?
Almon Model for Distributed Time Series Analysis
Crash course in robust mean estimation
Help with multilinear regression model selection
How to use the Laplace approximation to fit a spatial GLM model
Model averaging in prediction -- Wisdom of the Crowd
Communicating Regression Model Results
Is the Binomial Effect Size Display (BESD) usually an unsound, misleading technique?
Need help on Gibbs sampling with truncated normal and gamma
How does one cross-validate a model of binomially distributed data?
Interpreting R's ur.df (Dickey-Fuller unit root test) results
Non-negative coefficient restriction in stacked regression
What's a good tool to create sankey diagrams?
How to choose between ANOVA and ANCOVA in a designed experiment?
Applying principal component analysis on variables of different dimensions?
Is the absolute value of distance covariance a metric?
Bootstrap intervals from a sample not obtained with 'boot'
Evaluating the prediction ability of several alternative models
Using kknn regression on a time series
Open source implementation elastic net in C or C++
K-Means Clustering variable results depending on sort order of data
Public databases of learned HMM models for NLP
Quantiles for non-normal cdf
Box-Cox transformation for mixed models
One sentence explanation of the AIC for non-technical types
Practical PCA tutorial with data
Clustering with probabilities
How to cross-classify two categorical variables?
Confidence interval for the biggest difference between means
How to compare observed distribution to sampled distributions, using cumulative distibution function?
Using R and plm to estimate fixed-effects models that include interactions with time
How to assess whether weighted samples come from the same distribution?
If you use 10-fold cross validation, which tree is representative?
Binary Classification of Multiple Groups
Why isn't this a problem with heritability studies?
How can I prove the experiment data follows heavy-tail distribution?
Realtime data change detection
Why would one want to carry out an orthogonalized (gram schmit) regression?
Are there linear multiple regression methods resilient to missing data?
Which measure to use to classify some distributions
How can I calculate a rate between two moving data sets?
Formula for p-value of Tukey HSD
How exactly does Chi-square feature selection work?
Why dummy variables rather than one factor variable in modelling?
Binomial random variables versus chi-square for A/B testing?
Analyze proportions
Simulating financial strategies with given value-at-risk (VaR) and mean
Multiple regression with constraints on coefficients
Winning percentage -- logistic regression or linear regression?
Chi-square test problem (and some more maybe)
Treating a variable as categorical or continuous
Is it ever good to increase significance level?
Gibbs sampler from conditional distribution
What is the probability of n people from a list of m people being in a random selection of x people from a list of y people?
How can I calculate central moments of a joint pdf?
Mahalanobis distance when n>p
Effect size and statistical significance
How to choose the best transformation to achieve linearity?
Cross validation for transformed and untransformed outcome
How to apply coefficient term for factors and interactive terms in a linear equation?
How do I detect shifts in sales mix?
Low probability levels when doing logistic regression
Categorical variable with a lot of levels and interaction
How to limit impact of a predictor when doing multiple regression?
Matched Analysis with Complex Survey Data
How to simulate multivariate outcomes in R?
Benchmark dataset for decision tree algorithm
Model stability in cross-validation of regression models
Most probable value given predictions with confidence levels
Creating tree splits in Hough forest 
Correlated samples from a Laplace or Cauchy distribution
Can I fit a mixed model with subjects that only have 1 observation?
Significance testing of slopes with replicates
Weighing contrasts differently for unbalanced designs
How does one derive the Fisher-consistency correction factor for Rousseeuw and Croux's $S_n$ (and $Q_n$)?
How to sample from a Wishart distribution?
Binomial trials required to achieve a given probability of at least one success
Can I ignore coefficients for non-significant levels of factors in a linear model?
How to resample in R without repeating permutations?
Betweenness centrality applied to Amazon books graph
R versus R Studio output differences
Given a set of sub-graphs, how to infer the underlying graph?
Multi task learning
When is a repeated measures ANOVA preferred over a mixed-effects model?
Probability of MSB=1 for a n-bit discrete random variable while we have a noisy estimate for it
Is it at all defensible to stratify a data set by the size of the residual and do a two-sample comparison?
Lorenz curve and Gini coefficient for measuring classifier performance
Sum of Chi-squared Variables
Is there a formula or rule for determining the correct sampSize for a randomForest?
Residualize a binary variable to remedy multicollinearity?
Neural network and logistic regression not yielding output for certain inputs
Time variable in Longitudinal data set mixed model question
glmer() warning message help
Comparing logistic regression models of winning percentage
Bayesian inference on a sum of iid real-valued random variables
To what degree is FWE correction required for multiple permutation based t-tests
Hierarchical modeling when data not missing at random
Is there a test in R whose null hypothesis is that there is a difference between the means of two populations?
Two successive binomial experiments performed by two different groups of individuals
Gaussian ARMA process with non-gaussian innovations
How to fit the coefficients of a first order linear auto-regressive function without noise in the model, and the coefficient are equal?
Convergence in probability and $L_2$ for normal random variables
Why do I get exact singularity when I add a dummy variable to a multinomial logistic using R mlogit?
Hypergeometric trials - Number of trials needed to achieve a given probability
Sequential experiment: controlled design and metrics
How to take account for industry and year effects?
How to get ellipse region from bivariate normal distributed data?
Binomial distribution confidence interval for log plot
Distribution of complex results for pool of ten-sided dice, specific to custom tabletop RPG system
How to capture competitive spatial interactions between multiple stores and customers
Omitted dummy variable coefficient in OLS
Missing rates and multiple imputation
Visualizing many p-values
Markov models with conditional transition probabilities
Online material to learn time series analysis
Comparing concentrations of proteins in controls and people with a certain disease
Analyzing logistic regression coefficients
Analyzing categorical data where the last category is unbounded
How to do a pretty scatter plot in R?
A multitrait-multimethod matrix and data set
The approach of labelling a collection of documents using a shared topic
Traffic visualization in Excel: five sources, two metrics, month-by-month
Calculating energy output of a pellet stove using time series
How to recognize repeated movement patterns of mouse behavior using OpenCV?
Using ordinal regression to evaluate predictor importance?
Advantages and disadvantages of SVM
Pre-post distribution comparisons
How can I perform a chi-square test for independence on signal samples?
Two R packages for topic modeling, LDA and topicmodels?
Fitting polytomous logistic regression with R
Fitting multiple linear regression in R: autocorrelated residuals
MCAR assumption is plausible should I do MI?
How to impute data without missing at random?
How to highlight predefined groups in PCA individual map?
How to interpret variance and correlation of random effects in a mixed-effects model?
Detecting deviation of one time-series variable from a set of others
Problem with lagged covariates
Multicollinearity when individual regressions are significant, but VIFs are low
Analysing log and square-root transformed variables
Classification techniques for incremental attributes
How to compare joint distribution to product of marginal distributions?
How to convert nominal dataset into numerical dataset?
How can I test for a difference between ordered groups?
Estimating the mutual information for two signal samples
Moderated regression for categorical, within-subjects variable
How to reduce dimension for text document dataset?
How to calculate fitted values when using AdaBoost via gbm package in R?
Non-conjugate improper uniform priors in Bayesian data analysis: how to handle infinite sums?
How can I check whether two signals are jointly normally distributed?
SVM vs. artificial neural network
Clustering short time series
Problem in discrete valued time series forecasting
Back propagation neural network data input advice
Trouble using convert() in RTAQ package
Mining search logs to improve autocomplete suggestions?
How to bound the output of a regression model?
Can you improve Adjusted R Squared in Multiple Regression with current data?
Priors for hierarchial Bayesian binomial model
Categorical variables clustering with R
mathematics books for studying Econometrics PhD
Transformation of random variables
Proportional hazards assumption meaning
War stories a la Skiena for clustering analysis?
Isn't a test for cointegration the same as testing for heteroskedasticity in the residual error terms?
Alternative name for incidence rate ratio
Why law of large numbers does not apply in the case of Apple share price?
Normalizing a 2D-histogram and getting the marginals
Ellipse region shape from bivariate normal distributed data?
Why were results from PROC MIXED same as PROC GLIMMIX?
Test for proportions and binary classifier
Quantile intervals vs. highest posterior density intervals
How to correctly treat multiple data points per each subject
Moore-Penrose generalized determinant
Martingale Residuals and Schoenfeld Residuals
Are non-square latin hypercubes viable?
Increase the sample size of a Latin Hypercube study?
How to measure smoothness of a time series in R?
How to use statistics to help buy a house?
What method is used to calculate confidence intervals in R's MASS package function confint.glm?
Floating Point Overflow while computing the Kaplan-Meier estimator in SAS
ANOVA in SAS: Not Statistically Significant but LSMEANS says is?
Resampling dataset size
Using glmnet to solve the LASSO problem
How to use ggplot to do the binned quantile plots(one type of scatter plot)?
autoregression on a panel
Mathematica SmoothKernelDistribution equivalent in R
Linear Discriminant Analysis for Training and Testing of data sets
Does it make sense to measure recall in recommender systems?
What are alternatives to uniform distribution when trying to fit observed data distribution?
What value a Bayesian Net?
Trick in survey design for problematic questions
Identification of significant variables where dependent variable is categorical
Least stupid way to forecast a short multivariate time series
How to organize the data for this repeated-measure within-subject setup?
Training models on data that may be incorrectly classified?
Should I randomize survey questions if a respondent will fill in identically structured forms multiple times?
Computing Lorenz asymmetry cofficient (S)
Beta Weights Equivalent?
Most used name for Dirichlet Compound Multinomial dist (aka Dirichlet-Multinomial, Multivariate Polya)?
Difference between one-tailed and two-tailed testing?
Compare fits of model to transformed and untransformed response
Panel data model estimation with dummy variables
What is the decision-theoretic justification for Bayesian credible interval procedures?
Finding the MLE for a univariate exponential Hawkes process
Interpreting coefficients of ordinal logistic regression when there is clustering within the data
When is it appropriate to use PCA?
Bootstrap p.value, Wilcoxon rank sum or other test?
Probability that random variable B is greater than random variable A
Capturing the relationships among model variables based on ANOVA table
Testing whether the ratio of two sums is equal to a certain value
Can I use glm algorithms to do a multinomial logistic regression?
Comparing predictions from different regression equations
How do I test whether differences in populations are significant?
Can a -2 Log likelihood be calculated with only one model?
Meta-analysis in R with multiple SNPs
Interpreting negative beta coefficients
Maximum value of Chi squared while keeping marginal frequencies
Pregibon test for linearity vs. Ramsey's RESET test
Significance of coefficients in linear regression: significant t-test vs non-significant F-statistic
How to reference GLM?
Sufficient statistics
Nonparametric bootstrap confidence interval
Is there a reliable recursive formula for a simple moving average (moving mean)?
Different factor levels in R
Transformation by subtraction (for continuous data arbitrarily limited in the experiment)
Difficulty in understanding Hidden Markov Model for syntax parsing using Viterbi algorithm
52 variables after backward variable selection on logistic regression on 160 variable at beginning, whether it is illusion or good modeling
Interpreting Granger causality test's results
Introduction to Kalman filters
Probability of a user participating in a thread
Hypothesis test for binomially distributed variable with large n and small p
Is a Bayesian network doing feature selection?
Grid Search for Polynomial Kernel
SVM parameter selection with NM simplex (or other algorithms)
k-subset with maximal variance
Finding the Bayesian classifier for a bivariate Gaussian distribution
What method is suitable for short-term forecast for a trendless, oscillatory, bounded time series?
Testing the significance of differences in frequencies across treatments using $\chi^2$ test
Can I compute cross correlation after decomposition?
When can I use STL decomposition?
Algorithms for clustering documents by similar words and phrases
Interpreting discrepancies between R and SPSS with exploratory factor analysis
Incorporating a treatment into a classification scheme
Calculating risk of disease
Combined odds ratio
Types of dispersion parameter for binomial data
Cross-validation vs empirical Bayes for estimating hyperparameters
Regression vs classification within decision trees in OpenCV
Dropping unused levels in facets with ggplot2
Advantage of central moment over moment?
Simple regression models for data with a breakpoint
Determining appropriate sample rate for count data
In matlab, results from anova1 and multcompare disagree?
Combination of two Gaussians
Interpreting coefficients for Poisson regression
Why are derived features used in neural networks?
Where is the shared variance between all IVs in a linear multiple regression equation?
How do I satisfy the nonlinearity of my regression function with this plot image?
Learning measurement uncertainty; could not find any online resources
How to account for lag in a simple regression in R?
What type of test to use to determine correlation/relationship between two non-continuous varaibles
New to the Data Mining business
Tool to draw normal QQ-plot with 45 degree reference line
Can somebody offer an example of a unimodal distribution which has a skewness of zero but which is not symmetrical?
SEM with binary dependent variable
Interpreting Omitted Variables
How do I fit a simple filter with R?
Whether to include time as a covariate in repeated measures analysis
Optimal parameter selection by repeated  k-fold
What is the best training method for 15-30k records with 5-12 features to classify data into 2 groups?
When two events $A$ and $B$ have no result in common
Computation of new standard deviation using old standard deviation after change in dataset
What do they analyze
Are benchmarking and post-stratification equivalent?
Modeling a TAR model that can handle the problem of outliers in nonlinear data
Probability Plot (P-P plot): to what corresponds the straight line?
Bayesion priors in ridge regression with scikit learn's linear model
significan​t lags in causality test?
Constructing a Bayesian Classifier in R
Difference between marginal and conditional models
How to choose between ANOVA and regression?
Negative Binomial Regression and Heteroskedasticity
Multiple imputation of time variables -- which step to impute?
Least squares logistic regression
How to obtained composite index using factor analysis on likert scale data
Good algorithm for processing positional estimates
Mixed effects models issue and correlation question. Getting desperate
Significance tests
Normalization/comparison-when the observed cardinality is a random variable, over finite sets
Distribution of sum of squares error for linear regression?
Is it appropriate to run correlations first and then a regression?
Impose several restrictions on systems of eqns in R using systemfit package
Do you know if I can find database with volleyball statistic?
Combining experimental error in a mean
Command-line tool to calculate basic statistics for stream of values
Notation of estimators (tilde vs. hat)
Estimate the population variance from a set of means
How to understand standardized residual in regression analysis?
Can two random variables have the same distribution, yet be almost surely different?
How to compare two distance matrices?
Abusing Linear Models under Multicollinearity: Simulation for 'realistic' movement of predictors
Hand calculated confidence intervals after logit regression, symmetric or not?
Numerical or computational method to generate density estimate
Inter-rater reliability of time measurements
Forecasting the target variable vs building a causal model and forecasting causal variables
A priori selection of SVM class weights 
The distribution of an estimator
Comparing clusterings: Rand Index vs Variation of Information
Categorical variables in multinomial logistic regression end up converted into binary variables
Hierarchical Bayesian Model (?)
Does multi-response linear regression introduce artificial correlation among response residuals?
How to fit a smooth curve to data in order to mimic an elbow?
Logistic Regression - Getting Pearson Standardized Residuals in R vs Stata
How to assess whether two treatments are significantly different using Cohen's d (effect size)?
Imputation to account for systematic error in survey responses
Halton sequence vs Sobol' sequence?
Correlation between matrices in R
Life after the Box-Cox transformation
How to get an R-squared for a loess fit?
Choosing the right test when comparing two groups: Mann-Whitney, Kolmogorov-Smirnov or other?
Results on Monte Carlo estimates produced by importance sampling
Fitting the parameters of a stable distribution
Identity of moment-generating functions
How to assess correlation when each variable is measured by independent replicates?
Comparing multiple regression to iterated linear regressions
Conditional probability question
How to identify if relationship between two categorical variables is significant or not?
How to build a linear mixed-effects model in R?
What sample statistics is increasing (or non-decreasing) as data grows
Proper interpretation for error analysis
Tractability of mutual information-augmented ensemble classification algorithms
Fixing error variance in a path analysis to model measurement error in scales using sem package
Bayesian plots: construction and interpretation
Adaptive Regularization of Weights (AROW): classification dependent on feature index
What is the probability of rolling all faces of a die after n number of rolls
Heteroskedasticity, autocorrelation robust standard errors for SPSS
Compound distribution in Bayesian sense vs. compound distribution as random sum
How to calculate the confidence interval for time-series prediction?
Classification of multiple time series and case level attributes
Interpreting plot of residuals vs. fitted values from Poisson regression
2 period difference-in-differences fixed effects versus OLS
Understanding and applying sentiment analysis
The Birthday Problem, revisited...? 
Classification with one dominant predictor
Calculate Mantel-Haenszel test in R
Time-wise treatment effect / survival analysis
Efficiency as a dependent variable
Gibbs Sampling for Gaussian Mixtures
What is the difference between simple linear model and loess model?
How to interpret regression coefficients for a variable with takes positive and negative values?
Mutual information with a Dirac delta type pdf
Normalized mutual information using cardinalities
How is $\chi^2$ value converted to p-value?
Visualizing Likert responses using R or SPSS
The input parameters for using latent Dirichlet allocation
Color standards for control charts
Base classifiers for boosting
Mathematically manipulating error resources
How do I evaluate relationships between 500 binary attributes and corresponding continuous score?
Extrapolate lowest/highest value from partial sample
What is a reasonable independence test for a time series?
Measure score change over time while accounting for baseline differences
Sampling distribution of average of some covariance matrices
How to select discrete cosine transform coefficients as a feature vector?
How to expand data frame in R
Recommended reading for understanding when the bootstrap will fail?
How to learn fitting models?
Using SparseM/Matrix Sparse Matrix in training SVM from e1071 returning different results from same data in standard matrix
A Monte Carlo confidence interval method for the maximum of a uniform distribution?
Adjusting data for missing observations
Writing the density of a continuous random variable in terms of a probability
Misspecified levels in multilevel mixed logit model
How to interpret this criterion of logistic regression result
How to the predict the number of daily visitors in six months' time based on the past three?
Naive Bayes for two continuous features
How to report accuracy of predicted classifications with CI when using k-fold CV?
Is it a problem when scale normalization yields lot of zeros?
How to explore/model this problem?
How to decompose a time series with multiple seasonal components?
How many samples should be taken to capture the mean and variance of the original set with given error?
Difference between G-test and t-test and which should be used for A/B testing?
Simple combination/probability question based on string-length and possible-characters
How to choose between the different adjusted r-squared formulas?
Approach to testing difference from a bivariate null distribution generated by randomization
What are good references on calculating confidence intervals using subsampling or the delete-d jackknife?
Are gridlines and grey backgrounds chartjunk and should they be used only on an exception basis?
Difference between sample variance and statistic variance
How to interpret logistic regression with days of the week and months of the year as predictors together with continuous and binary predictors?
Testing for statistically significant difference in time series?
Correlation between dichotomous and continuous variable
Understanding forecasting in R
ANCOVA or repeated measures ANOVA?
How to calculate fitted values when using AdaBoost via gbm package in R? What does fitted values mean?
How can I prove that the cumulative distribution function is right continuous?
How do I model a sine/cosine on a cycle derived from a Baxter filter?
Randomness vs. optimization
Which statistical method should be used in the study of stability of an enzyme?
What do the bias units represent in a restricted boltzmann machine?
LDA, Significance of orthonormality- Trace Ratio Maximization
References about univariable vs multivariable variable selection
A question about a formula for lmer
Bootstrap vs numerical integration
Weibull moment generating function and Gamma function
Does it make sense to consider non-binary logit?
Probit estimation - insignificant coefficients with a significant difference
Estimated Marginal Means or means from descriptives?
Can I include year as an independent variable in this nested logistic regression design?
Using plm to account for non-individual fixed-effects in R
Formulating a hypothesis test about dependence
When to use bootstrap vs. bayesian technique?
How do you know something is a random effect or a fixed effect?
What is the probability P(X > Y) given X ~ Be(a1, b1), and Y ~ Be(a2, b2), and X and Y are independent?
Feature selection for disease classification based on tests
Initial steps with logistic regression
Are rejection regions always open/closed?
Comparing two binary variables of unequal sizes
I need a new and improved DFT
Is this a correct procedure for feature selection using cross-validation?
Probit ordered model for non-normal distribution of outcomes
Can the influence of a different factor on a known effect be analyzed directly?
Distribution of random effects
Statistical insignificance
Divide-and-conquer approach for hierarchical clustering
Asymptotic normality in linear mixed-effects models
How to calculate predicted hazard rates from a Cox PH model?
How to get p value and confidence intervals for nls functions?
Conditions on Normal Random Variable
Relative variable importance values vs. magnitude of effect
Proportion Estimates - Shrink to the Mean Based on Sample Size
How to tell when factors disagree in linear regression to produce noisy predictions?
What can be gained by including the distribution of the dependent variable in a GLM?
Deriving OLS estimates using method of moments
Formula for lmer - may need to revise
Improving an estimate of mean with observations of sign
Plot by cdplot in R doesn't fit with data
Analysing periodicity in sparse time series
How does pooling and resampling affect variance of sample mean?
WiFi localization using machine learning
How to choose the best of two highly correlated predictors in cox proportional hazards regression
Visualise and interpret large set of univariate skewed data
What is the distribution of the euclidean distance between two random points in 2d space?
Kendall's tau and independence
How does one get the gamma distribution parameters from a word problem description?
Grouping strings by common themes?
Variance explained by random effects using lme4
Chi-squared fitting with uncertainties estimated from the data
How to use chi-squared (or Bayesian) to detect non-chance variations in matrix of frequencies?
Problem with negative values when simulating multivariate data using rmvnorm
Predict future student outcomes (binary and continuous) with historic cross-sectional data?
Power of chi-square test for goodness-of-fit as function of sample size
Problem with e1071 libsvm?
Obtaining predicted values (Y=1 or 0) from a logistic regression model fit
P-value of a survival ROC c-index
How to, or what is the best way, to apply propensity scores after matching?
Logistic regression and complementary log log model
Bayesian Analysis in R/WinBUGS and SAS (Proc MCMC)
MLE vs least squares in fitting probability distributions
Why is the expected value of the number of trials before the first success larger than the number of trials with a 50% probability of success?
How to find classifier success performance?
Using offset in binomial model to account for increased numbers of patients
What is the difference between spatial dependence and spatial (auto)correlation?
Are there any simple techniques to remove/detect fluctuations during training in matlab plot?
Probability density function from a set of data
Large data set for testing kernel logistic regression
How to classify country names given possible alternate spellings or abbreviations?
Model validation after fitting a negative binomial GLM in R
How to deal with a 2x2 experimental design if the dependent variable is dichotomous?
How to interpret results of a $\chi^2$ test of independence?
Characterizing datasets and estimating statistically significant differences?
Fitting constrained hierarchical models in JAGS
Which numbers are least likely to be selected by people in a lottery?
How to input self-defined distance function in R?
Why is a deterministic trend process not stationary?
How is the complexity of the relationship between pattern and category quantified?
How should I analyse cyclic load times?
Visualizing the calibration of predicted probability of a model
How robust is ANOVA to violations of normality?
Bracket Theory and Probability
Using variations of ANCOVA for non-normal distributions
When to use correlation as effect size when performing meta-analysis with diverse predictors?
What's the recommended method for charting low values?
Self study vs a taught education?
How would one calculate intrarater reliability in Stata?
Sampling the outcome of a function in R
How to do post-hoc tests with logistic regression?
Estimating Poisson waiting times: using the last, censored sample?
Feature selection for the text mining?
Do low-discrepancy sequences work in discrete spaces?
What are the distributions on the positive k-dimensional quadrant with parametrizable covariance matrix?
What model should I use for this research?
Regression equation
Nonlinear regression / Curve fitting with L-infinity norm
Why is the arithmetic mean > median on a histogram skewed to the right?
Summation of conditional probability in Bayesian network
How to interpret non-significant effect of a covariate in ANCOVA?
Analysis of speed-accuracy tradeoff in lmer
Generation of orthogonal matrices close to identity
Regarding the R packages that share the similar functionalities of NLTK toolkit
Topic models for short documents
Sampling with inclusion/exclusion criteria from known distribution
Locating Streitberg Rohmel paper
Training of a Neural Network
Estimating the distribution from data
Significance test for two mean differences? Like a t-test but for comparing differences
Autocorrelated predictors in linear models
Is there a rule of thumb on the relationship between the number of instances and the number of features?
Reporting significance in Kruskal Wallis test
Generating data with given regression coefficients
Is it meaningful to test equality of two coefficients, one significant, the other insignificant?
Identifying outliers
Calculating parameters of a binomial distribution
Why ANOVA/Regression results change when controlling for another variable
Non-linear regression references
How to deal with multicollinearity when performing variable selection?
Comparing principal components if number of variables changes
How to get rid of heterogeneity of regression slopes using multilevel modeling?
Association between 2 categorical data (using SPSS)
Is an implementation of a density function for a logit-normal distribution available in R?
What is the distribution of the error around logistic growth data?
Cox regression - Hazard and Survival Estimates?
What book is recommendable to start learning statistics using R at the same time?
Can statistics help in inventory management decisions?
Simple introduction to MCMC with Dirichlet process prior?
Generative modeling of a mix of continous and discrete variables
Feature selection weighting 2 filters in Naive Bayes
How to compute effect size for different measures of association?
Comparing two discrete distributions (with small cell counts)
Probability that a quadratic equation with random coefficients has two real solutions?
How do to calculate Likelihood Ratio Test/Power in hypothesis testing?
Experimentwise alpha for 2-way ANOVA
Comparing smoke and hormones level in two groups of people. Which test?
Does Julia have any hope of sticking in the statistical community?
Software packages that can construct feature representation for a given text file using N-gram model
Issues in pattern recognition and plots
How does regression with and without intercept followed by test of stationarity affect cointegration test?
Difference between VARX and ADL models
Test if the value of a function f(i, j) depends more on the choice of i than on the choice of j
What is the effect size for the interaction of a 2X2X2 contingency table?
Multiple linear regression for hypothesis testing
Is Bayesian nonlinear regression using conjugate priors possible?
Trend analysis in temperature time series
Regarding using bigram (N-gram) model to build feature vector for text document
Feature selection without target variable
Normality test for small samples
Checking a panel unit root test in R done manually
Expected value of spurious correlation
Advanced Excel graphs
How do you do bootstrapping with time series data?
Tests significative with parametric calculations and non-significative with non-parametric ones!
What distribution is most commonly used to model server response time?
Things to consider about masters programs in statistics
Dynamic consistency and multilevel models using lmer
How to deal with multicollinearity issue when analyzing survey results?
Clustering trajectory patterns with lot of missing values
how to find a linear combination of predictors maximizing correlation between its score and dependent variable in R
Marginal prior distribution with restricted parameters
How to identify outliers from a Gumbel distribution with known parameters?
Is there a preferred panel chart layout?
What are the primary differences between Taxometric analyses (e.g., MAXCOV, MAXEIG) and Latent Class analyses?
What to do when a NN learns a static representation for a large chunk of your dataset?
Definition of Natural Images in the context of machine learning
Is a log transformation a valid technique for t-testing non-normal data?
Optimal case/control ratio in a case-control study
What are some useful guidelines for GBM parameters?
Use of propensity score in a case-control study
Clustering distributions
How to classify new cases in discriminant analysis exactly as SPSS does?
Best Practices for Using Geodemographic Segmentation Data
How to calculate probabilities for a 4 by 2 table?
Are the variable types here considered correct?
Lag Selection Modelling 'Pseudo' Panel Data
What is the purpose of and how to use the xreg argument when fitting ARIMA model in R?
Negative Expectation of a constant is positive or negative
What sort of problems is backpropagation best suited to solving, and what are the best alternatives to backprop for solving those problems?
Pre-processing time series data for data mining / predictive modeling input
What is hierarchical prior in Bayesian statistics?
Overarching multiple comparison test for correlations?
Implementing an ordered probit model in pymc
Sum of lognormal distributed insurance claims
A Stats 101 question with a real world application
What are some common tools, initial approaches to data in a prediction problem when facing too many predictors?
Why would R return NA as a lm() coefficient?
How to analyze mood data over time?
Is the R language reliable for the field of economics?
Licensing of analytical code and data - which license to use, and what issues?
Difference between post-hoc test after Kruskal-Wallis and Bonferroni corrected Mann-Whitney tests
Is it possible to calculate AIC and BIC for lasso regression models?
Should I remove a variable from a PCA analysis if it is the only variable to load on a component?
Why LDA (Latent Dirichlet Allocation) works (i.e. why put co-occurring words together)?
Bayesian approach to modelling the prediction interval from a parametric model
How to determine if predictor in piece-wise linear regression is significant?
Change in gene expression over time for different environments when each individual can only be sampled once?
How does one measure the non-uniformity of a distribution?
Minimax estimator for the mean of a Poisson distribution
Finding critical region of statistic when the distribution of the transform of the statistic is known
Guess level of measurement of unknown data
What post-hoc test can be used on data with missing values?
How to 'sum' a standard deviation?
How to help people understand ...per 100,000?
Alpha Expansion algorithm over graph with vertices having different sets of labels
Combining principal component analysis and partial least squares
Test randomness of a generated password?
How to get coefficients from princomp object in R?
How well the experiment would do in excluding alternative hypothesis?
Regarding the size of training data for building classifier
Repeated-measures ANCOVA in R?
about test for multivariate normality with kolmogorov-smirnov test and $\chi^2$ test in R program
Confidence interval scoring
Combining Deterministic and Random Unbiased Estimators
Regime-switching regression
Lagging over a grouped time series
Same Joint Distribution, different conditional and marginal distribution
Random-effects anova
Changing the scale of a variable to 0-100
Computing standard error in weighted mean estimation
What problems should I watch out for when combining multiple time series?
Ruby as a statistics workbench
How should I model a Dose-Response Curve with Resistant Subpopulation?
How to determine the number of clusters when using correlation as the distance?
Inclusion–exclusion probability principle
How to implement a variance function in R?
Dealing with lots of ties in kNN model
Doubling the tails in two-sample permutation test
Standard errors in weighted least squares
Monte Carlo variation in bootstrapping?
Support vector regression on skewed/high kurtosis data
Spearman's correlation useful with data that has an upper limit?
Tracking down the assumptions made by SciPy's ttest_ind() function
t-test for partially paired and partially unpaired data
Will AIC and R-square rank models similarly if the number of variables is equal?
R: How to control for another variable in Linear Mixed Effects Regression model?
Goodness of fit for 2D histograms
Gradient descent vs lm() function in R?
Calculating VC-dimension of a neural network
Standard deviation of a cluster
What formula is used for standard deviation in R?
What is cov(X,Y), where X=min(U,V) and Y=max(U,V) for independent uniform(0,1) variables U and V?
What is distribution of $Z = X + Y$ where $X$ is Poisson distributed and $Y$ is normally distributed?
What distribution function $F$ is such that if $\{ X_i \}_{i=1}^{N} \sim F$, then $X_1 + ... + X_N$ is most nearly exponential?
Unconditional inference in the multinomial model
how to add second order terms into the model in R?
Logistic regression versus t-test, which is better for this comparative-descriptive study?
Evaluation of a GLS fit
Proportional odds assumption in ordinal logistic regression in R with the packages VGAM and rms
Difference between White's reality check and Monte Carlo permutation
Probability that multiple confidence intervals contain the true population mean
Do I need to aggregate data when using linear mixed effects model?
Proper contingency table analysis for old diabetes study
Not sure if standard error of p-values makes sense in Fisher Exact Test
How to interpret two-way interactions in Linear Mixed Effects modeling?
How do you assess for mode bias and scale effects when designing survey questionnaires?
Univariate non-significant results becoming significant on multivariate analysis
Sample size for logistic regression?
RSS examinations
Geometric distribution without replacement
Moving-average model error terms
Does a stationary process implies a normal distribution of the data?
Cramer-Rao type bound for Information Gain
Is it a problem to have some uncorrelated factors in a CFA?
Using Conditional Optimizations in Training Algorithm of Linear Support Vector Classifier
Minimum of two exponential variates: What's wrong with this derivation?
How can I calculate cut-off points from a normal distribution?
Can SVM do stream learning one example at a time?
Programmer looking to break into machine learning field
How to choose the number of nodes in layer recurrent networks?
Larger ngrams vs nested ngrams?
When/where to use functional data analysis?
Feature selection methods for document classtification
Are observations consistent with each other?
Variance stabilization rule for MCMC jumps...anyone?
Derive househould weights from a uniformly distributed person sample
Effect size of the results of an ANCOVA
Statistical Significant Difference between 5 groups of data
Reference with distributions with various properties
At which extent can standardized moment be trusted in comparison to plotting data?
Is this approach using the central-limit theorem applicable for reasoning about open source project data?
Binomial mid-p value
Bootstrap variance of squared sample mean
How do I compute class probabilities in caret package using 'glmnet' method?
Multiple sufficient statistics and the factorization theorem
Explaining to laypeople why bootstrapping works 
$\chi^2$ fitting with correlated errors
How to run K-means clustering on data points of varying dimensionality?
What is the difference between verifying how strong is the relationship of variables on $\chi^2$ and correlation?
A short question on sample variance
SVM importance of predictor variables
Selecting features using Adaboost
Sufficient Statistic
How to calculate a distribution out of a series of min-max values?
Is there a difference between an autocorrelated time-series and serially autocorrelated errors?
Robust estimation of Poisson distribution
How to control for depression when sample was measured using two different tests?
How to get real-valued continous output from Neural Network?
How to analyse pre and post test data when the outcome measure is Yes/No data?
Why is the sum of squared differences from the sample mean smaller than the sum of squared differences from the true mean?
How Should I Generate a Plausible PDF From Quartiles+Median?
How to implement a two-stage hierarchical model of time series data in R?
Test of multicollinearity among independent variables in logistic regression
Sample size calculation for truncated normal distribution
Statistical tests for low sample numbers in both indendent groups (n=3 and n=1)
Removal of statistically significant intercept term boosts $R^2$ in linear model
Classification table for ordinal logistic regression in R
Proportional odds assumption violated but not sure what to do
Is the Dynamic Time Warping constraint Itakura Parallelogram based on series length?
Equivalence of with and without replacement sampling
Mahalanobis distance in a LDA classifier
Discrepancy between number of expected and observed events in logistic regression
Using multinomial logistic regression for multiple related outcomes
What can I do if my logistic regression model doesn't predict anything?
How do I calculate a posterior distribution for a Poisson model with exponential prior distribution for the parameter?
Inconsistent results from attempting to count matching values in lists within data frames in R
Are there any ways to update SVM model incrementally like Bayesian or k-NN classifiers?
Generating a Gaussian dataset in MATLAB
What is the mathematical difference between random- and fixed-effects?
Are regressions with student-t errors useless?
Dependent vs. independent samples
Time series with 3 factors from different sources
Is a chi-sq test for independence appropriate for categorical time series?
What is the confidence interval calculated in a spectral density periodogram in R?
Estimating a survival probability in R
Investigator intention and thresholds/p-values
Can we use Mahalanobis distance to match one sentence with many other sentences and how?
Something like Central Limit Theorem for variance and maybe even for covariance?
What is randomness?
Comparing two classifier accuracy results for statistical significance with t-test
Politically correct way of ordering stacked barplots?
How to check if a time series is I(1) in R?
Cross entropy and the fitness function
How to bootstrap prediction intervals for customized regression models in R
Is it allowed to transform x and y in an ANCOVA?
Visualization of an ensemble of sequences
Regression line envelope from Census ACS data
What to do when the standard error equals 0
Understanding Odds Ratios in Logistic Regression
How to obtain decision boundaries from linear SVM in R?
Good books covering data preprocessing and outlier detection techniques
Possibility of analyzing the hypothesis using Friedman's test 
Does causation imply correlation?
LDA projection for classification
Robust Support Vector Regression - robust to outliers
Frequentist ability to use observations
Methods of measuring strength of arbitrary non-linear relationships between two variables?
Can an svmlight model be converted to work with libsvm?
How to estimate missing data?
Basic information or texts required about modelling k bernoulli trials
What is a Unit Information Prior?
The unit information prior and its BIC approximation
Several bivariate correlation tests
How to uniformly project a hash to a fixed number of buckets
Fitting a Poisson GLM in R - issues with rates vs. counts
How to find group differences with irregularly measured, nested, and missing data?
PCA analysis with centered variables
Bootstrap data in order to get an estimate of the variance
Find the probability of having k red balls after d days
Inverse hyperbolic sine transformation: estimation of theta
Variability in k-means clusters results: setting set.seed() before?
Examples of spatial generalized linear models
Heteroskedasticity-consistent Standard Errors for Difference Between Two Populations?
Introductory book for multivariate statistics
Should PCA or correlations be examined first in the context of correlated predictors in regression?
What is the difference between tapped delay line and sliding window in a neural network?
Instrumental variables with dichotomous instrument, variable, and outcome? Can I use TSLS?
Estimating changes of choice probabilities with choice removal in nested logit
How to adjust average rating for sample size on rating systems with more than two categories?
Derivation for the confidence interval for a population proportion
Expectation of an estimator?
Mediator versus moderators - not sure which is more appropriate
SAS fails to fit a mixed model
What is the difference between a hazard ratio and the e^coef of a Cox equation?
How do bookmakers select their opening odds?
Markov chain convergence, total variation and KL divergence
Nonlinear regression model linear in some parameters
Computation of composite score or summed score from Likert scale
Comparing odds and payouts of different lotteries
How to cluster survey data?
Is there a version of the arcsine rule for biased coins?
How can I find out if a subset of Stack Exchange users increase/decrease their post rate based on badges earned?
$\chi^2$ test - correcting for not fully independent sample
Time series with multiple subjects and multiple variables
Estimating Frechet distribution parameter in R
Useful heuristic for inferring multicollinearity from high standard errors
Likes/interests datasets for social networks
Criticism of Pearl's theory of causality
Problems with interpretation of a CLASS variable with many levels in a logistic regression model
SAS optimal binning
Plotting decay in clustering?
Predict GLM poisson with offset
Why does a 95% CI not imply a 95% chance of containing the mean?
What statistic method using spss to use to analyze online buying behavior based on different variables?
Proof that if higher moment exists then lower moment also exists
ANCOVA in R suggests different intercepts, but the 95% CIs overlap... how is this possible?
Behavior of a sum of kernel functions
When do Markov random fields $\neq$ exponential families?
Machine Learning: Linear classifier and possibility to separate
Deriving covariance from embedded random variable
ANOVA - independence assumption
Does transformation of r into Fisher z benefit a meta-analysis?
How to compare response to same question asked at different time points?
Critical appraisal of survival paper
Polynomial kernel function
How to undo feature scaling/normalization for output?
How to use the hier.part package for hierarchical partitioning?
Bootstrap, Monte Carlo
How to assess differences between three groups in a pretest - posttest design using SPSS?
How to implement a customized Random Forest classifier
Mean and variance of log-binomial distribution
Adjustment coefficient (Lundberg coefficient) for a Weibull distribution
Understanding the homoscedasticity assumption
Adjusting the classification threshold of Naive Bayes
How to find differentially expressed genes in R?
What is the pooled standard deviation of paired samples?
How to estimate shrinkage parameter in Lasso or ridge regression?
Help with change scores and/or ANCOVA design
Do zero inflated continuous covariates cause problems in binary logistic regression?
What is the procedure for bootstrap validation (a.k.a. resampling cross-validation)?
R linear regression categorical variable hidden value
further hypothesis testing for the difference in ML estimates after optim in R
Three-level nested logit in R
Software library for Hidden Markov Modeling of a large text database
Sampling model for crowdsourced data?
Doing data analysis for property managers...any tips?
Equivalent mixed models yielding different results in SAS
Is it appropriate to calculate odds ratios between groups matched on covariates (propensity scores)?
First step for big data ($N = 10^{10}$, $p = 2000$)
Clustering variables with outliers
What is a mathematical way to define a point on a scatter plot as an outlier?
Does pooled variance correct for/protect from unequal variance when calculating effect size?
Computing prediction intervals for logistic regression
Incorrect p-value during probit regression when probability of a response is zero
How to calculate joint probabilities from conditional probabilities in a Bayesian Network?
Testing for a significant difference between ML estimates: Likelihood ratio or Wald test?
Best way to visualize attrition using R?
Is there a difference between the maximum probability and the mode of a parameter?
Normalization of data before using a Kolmogorov-Smirnov test
How to do a generalized linear model with multiple dependent variables in R?
Multiple FDR corrected experiments using the same data
How to test the effect of intervention on patients quality of life?
Public available binary dataset
Maximum entropy sampler
How to simulate repeated measures multivariate outcomes in R?
How do I estimate the parameters of a log-normal distribution from the sample mean and sample variance
Comparing two non-linear biological models: differences in y vs. differences in slope
How to test the effect of a grouping variable with a non-linear model? 
Mixed Model in SAS
How to specify the unit information prior
How to create index from correlated variables?
iOS App Store Data
How many times can I guess a number from Sample 1 belongs to Sample 2 before concluding that they are not the same?
Odds ratio and confidence interval in meta-analysis
PDFs and probability in naive Bayes classification
SVM and non-linear predictive models - feature selection
The mean and Variance of $log(Combination Index)$
Sequential clustering with an unknown number of clusters
P-value approximation from an underlying unknown distribution
Measuring correlation between two matrices
How do I test to see if the demographic proportions between two unequally sized groups are statistically different?
Determining polynomial model coefficients forcing slope = 1 and intercept =0
Test for change over time in a time series
How do I reference a regression model's coefficient's standard errors?
Logistic regression on categorical data
What could be the distribution of an explosion energy of a mining-grade and seismic exploration explosives?
Residuals correlated positively with response variable strongly in linear regression
Sampling variance is reduced when removing duplicates -- why?
Checking whether accuracy improvement is significant
Justification of aggregation in multi-level model - ICC in SPSS
Probability of Unique Minimum (Discrete)
Bootstrapping a sample with unequal selection probabilities
Subset models in auto.arima function in forecast package
Spearman's rank correlation for a beginner: Sample size and Interpretation
Generating visually appealing density heat maps in R
Predicted probabilities of square term in Stata
Estimating species distribution and rate of expansion using only positive data
Time series and anomaly detection
High-Frequency Time-Series Forecast With A Lower Bound
Who invented k-fold cross-validation?
improving my variable names
What is a good optimization algorithm for finding the MAP?
Prediction and Tolerance Intervals
Visualizing counts that have some outliers
Cyclostationary time series
regression with multiple response variable in R
autocorrelation of nominal variable
Finding the probability of getting a complete set from N classes of objects in M draws
Calculate Transition Matrix (Markov) in R
Kernel logistic regression
Multivariate regression for spatial dataset
How to verify that simulated data is normally distributed?
Understanding proxy variable
Power of FDR vs. FWER approaches in multiple comparisons
Estimating a survival probability in R (2)
Confidence intervals in a mixed model
How to represent statistical power graphically for a given hypothesis test?
testing that mean(x) = k with a small sample and unknown distribution of x
Outlier removal prior to mixed-effect modelling
How to do logistic regression in R when outcome is fractional?
Predicting with both continuous and categorical features
Weights of random sets of random 32-bit strings
Cluster analysis in R produces reversals on dendrogram
Applied statistics methodology
Difference between survdiff log-rank and coxph log-rank
Using PCA for detecting similar regions in an image
Ensembling regression models
What is meant by the term formal distance metric?
Finding outliers without assuming normal distribution
The genuine inventors of concepts
Average of a tail of a normal distribution
Can variance be equal to mean?
Significance of difference in means
Is it legitimate to present results from univariate and multiple regressions?
How to handle missing data in all explanatory variables in linear regression
Interpreting AIC and BIC fit
How do I handle measurement error in sparse data?
Sorting answers, given overvotes and undervotes
Where can I get reference formulas for truncated distributions?
How to export SPSS graphs so they can be edited
Is there standard nomenclature for Confidence Distributions?
Correlating volume timeseries
Criteria to select the number of neighbors in the k-th-nearest-neighbor density estimation
Example reports for mixed-model analysis using lmer in biology, psychology and medicine?
How to generate numbers based on an arbitrary discrete distribution?
How to do time series ( longitudinal) clustering based entirely on Shape of the curves?
What is the RMSE normalized by the mean observed value called?
Is SVM-RFE a filter or a wrapper feature selection algorithm?
Aligned rank transform on time series data
Separating the populations in a bimodal distribution
Why is the variance of $X-Y$ equal to the sum of the variances when $X,Y$ are independent?
Item analysis for a likert-type questionnaire - item discrimination, point-biserial, factor analysis, cronbach's alpha, other diagnostics?
How do I determine which functional form is correct?
Advice on formula for factorial, blocked (possibly) repeated measures anova in R
Poisson likelihood and zero counts in expected value
Thoughts on model self-penalization amidst difficult parameter estimation
Interpreting the difference between lognormal and power law distribution (network degree distribution)
Experimental design: what to do when factors cannot be held at constant levels?
MCMC algorithm to estimate beta and variance
How to simulate head to head competition based on winning percentages?
Using a regression model to make prediction: When to stop?
Calculating the Variance using Delta Method
Datasets for clustering algorithms
How to analyse reading data with two word types and three types of dependent variables?
Variable ordering using PCA
Variance and Asymptotic normality of sample variance of normal distribution
SVAR, Cholesky decomposition and impulse-response function in R
Residuals for logistic regression and Cook's distance
If $\sigma$ follows Inverse-Gamma, can I just square the result to get $\sigma^2$ if I do simulation?
Why does -2*LL differ when using binary logistic regression vs GLM binary logistic in SPSS?
Validation of Bayesian hierarchical model
Model selection in mixed-model context using lmer
How to reduce autocorrelation in Metropolis algorithm?
Statistics for rounded data
Multiple comparisons process using Kruskal-Wallis, G-Test and corrections
Generating correlated numbers with predefined correlations
Multiple Imputation for Mixed Effects models
Logistic regression is slow
How to interpret the T-depiction of multiple comparisons used in R's multcompView package?
Validation techniques for hierarchical model
Estimate in presence of missing observations
I want to do an nested ANOVA but my variances are very unequal
ABC model selection
Is there a sequential version of probabilistic latent semantic analysis?
Suggestions for computing correlations between evaluators
Comparing rates of events between an exposed and unexposed group
Probability of finding a particular sequence of base pairs
How to fit Bradley–Terry–Luce model in R, without complicated formula?
Positive log likelihood values and penalty of more complex models when ranking models using AIC
auto.arima warns NaNs produced on std error
Clarification on using spec.pgram in R
How to fit data with nonlinear partial least squares in R?
Bayesian $\chi^2$ discrepancy
What is the fiducial argument and why has it not been accepted?
What does a squared coefficient of variation signify?
Fast alternatives to the EM algorithm
Comparing different ways of specifying the same response variable
Visualising generalized linear model
Mixed-effect modelling including factor with NA
Practical implication of using constructed sum variables vs. factor scores for regression
Similarity measure for weighted sets
Calculating statistical significance between dependent Spearman coefficients
What is an appropriate method for providing bounds when performing maximum likelihood parameter estimation?
In R, given an output from optim with a hessian matrix, how to calculate parameter confidence intervals using the hessian matrix?
Can I use T-Statistic for constructing a Confidence Interval for sample from large population?
How to construct a 95% confidence interval of the difference between medians?
Inferential methods on large panel data with sparse clusters and rare outcomes
Regarding boosting, bagging and bootstrapping
How to find parameters for ridge and lasso regularization when cost minimization does not converge?
Can I have too much data?
Does good calibration surpass roughly met assumptions and mediocre discrimination?
Book recommendations for reviewing probability and statistics for engineering major
How is research based on the U.S. Census organized?
Back-transformation of regression coefficients
Why do we typically visually assess our assumptions?
Comparing standard deviation across multiple time horizons
What do the arrows in a PCA biplot mean?
SVM for Image Segmentation?
Shapiro-Francia test error
QQ plot for Generalized linear model in R
What is the distribution of the product of a Bernoulli & a normal random variable?
What qualifies as a time series?
Extrapolating a lowess model
Bayesian estimation using Gibbs sampling for financial models
I have a statistic, how do I calculate its distribution?
Danger of setting all initial weights to zero in Backpropagation
Definition of precision of an estimator
Why does Lasso do better than SVM?
How to do logistic regression when one of the factors has unequal number of levels across the other factor?
What's the common way to measure the stability or volatility of a distribution? Variance seems insufficient
What does it indicate when the Spearman correlation is a definite amount less than Pearson?
Within group correlation of pearson's residuals
What's in an adjective? Efron's significant --> interesting
Model to use in assessing the responsiveness of a categorical variable to policy changes over time?
Calculating standard deviation of the output of a numerical experiment
Pitfalls in time series analysis
How to perform cross validation of a model predicting categorical variable in SAS?
Proof of how the normal distribution arises as the limit of the binomial — where do $\pi$ and $e$ come from?
Calculate the number of trials to distinguish between 2 models
Problems of specifying constrained parameters in a hierarchical model under JAGS
Is it necessary to plot ROC curve in a leave-one-out cross validation?
What statistical tests should be applied to the attached distributions?
How to select validation data when training a neural network?
Bonferroni and Greenhouse-Geisser corrections with repeated-measures ANOVA
Clustering similar values in a matrix
Pitman-Yor processes in R or Python
Whether to include $x$ and $x^2$ in regression model examining diminishing returns when only $x^2$ is significant?
In Bayesian statistics, does variance parameter actually mean 1/variance (i.e. precision)?
How do you generate data from the multivariate Marshall Olkin distributed data?
Determine a subset of random variables that are most correlated with the whole
Positive estimator
Class activities/experiments to teach statistical concepts?
Looking for example of non-elliptical, multivariate, absolutely continuous distributions with non independent components
Whether to use Spearman's rho or multiple regression to examine relationship between two Likert scales?
What does R do when it plots the residuals of an AR fit?
Proof without Jensen
Mixture model fixed effects
census statistical techniques
Minimisation algorithm for a mix of discreet and continuous parameters?
Negative weights in a moving average?
Determining where no correlation exists
Whether to report confidence intervals of effect sizes such as $r$ and $\eta^2$?
Non parametric cointegration test in R
How to compare the accuracy of two different models using statistical significance
Testing hypotheses suggested by the data
Expected value for discrete (nominal) variable?
Probability distribution of Fourier coefficients
What are the most useful sources of economics data?
Monte Carlo / Nonparametric confidence intervals for mean estimate
How to determine if there is a drop in revenue after a change in the system?
Testing samples against a distribution
How to compute a new variable that is defined by two categorical variables using SPSS?
significant predictors become non-significant in multiple logistic regression
Permutation tests in R for correlations
repeated measures regression
Simplify sum of combinations with same n, all possible values of k
How to obtain mean and joint distribution in factor analysis?
How do I fit a nonlinear mixed effects model for repeated measures data using nlmer()?
Where did this risk exposure 'estimation-formula' come from?
Conditional on Gaussian, need clarification
Looking for an efficient algorithm to detect Tomek links
Distribution of inverse Wishart to a power?
How to efficiently expand a simple random sample after population growth?
Binomial regression asymptotes
Two-dimensional Kolmogorov-Smirnov
Feature construction for text mining
Testing for trends in partial proportional odds models
Is there such a thing as a fair die?
Firth logistic regression in R
Why use a likelihood ratio (and its relation with p-value)?
Using principal component analysis (PCA) for feature selection
Cluster quality measures
Is the book wrong or me?
Variance and multiple levels in clmm
What machine learning algorithms are used for internet advertising?
How would you fit ARIMA model with lots of autocorrelations?
Does the probability of rolling a '6' in dice change over time?
Are logistic regression coefficient estimates biased when the predictor has large variance?
Cluster analysis of boolean vectors in R
Oddity in simulating Weibull survival times
Inequality involving the regression function and its approximation
How to know if a time series is stationary or non-stationary?
What would be a good research agenda related to field experiments in development?
About Akaike's criterion and VC-dimension of linear regressors
Estimating the effect of one time series on another in the context of personal health
Likelihood ratio vs Bayes Factor
Inconsistency in mixed-effects model estimation results (Stata and SPSS)
Compare Models. LOCCV implementation in R
How to display multiple density or distribution functions on a single plot?
Bayesian statistics example
Stacking/ensembling models with caret
Is there a non-parametric test for whether a series' unconditional variance has changed over time?
How to perform a t-test to compare treatment and control groups when the experiment has been replicated three times?
Why are samples within a cluster less informative than randomly chosen ones from entire population?
Formulating a mixed model with nested fixed and random effects 
Edge effects in K-function
Estimating an underlying pdf from binomial trials
An instance of the Cauchy–Schwarz inequality
How to describe variation on multiple levels?
How to show that polar coordinates in a uniform distribution on a disk are independent?
Logistic regression: grouped and ungrouped variables (using R)
Two sample test for both equal variance and mean
Orthogonal projection question
Bayes Network/Conditional Probability Visualization Tools
Can I use dependent variable from a regression analysis as an independent variable in yet another regression analysis?
What does $\beta$ tell us in linear regression analysis?
How do economists quantify black market operations?
Does the GARCH approach model prices or returns?
How do I fit a set of data to a Pareto distribution in R?
Are the $1-SSe/SSt$ and $cor^2$ calculations of $R^2$ always equivalent?
What are chunk tests?
How well does the normal distribution perform?
Uniform distribution & generation of extreme values in R
Let the random point (X,Y) be uniformly distributed on the square
How to take derivative of multivariate normal density?
Logistic regression performance with high number of predictors
Generate data samples from Poisson regression
What is a good software for data collection à la  CDC's Epi Info?
One-way table largest proportion test
Robust estimation of a geometric random variable
Best method for transforming low discrepancy sequence into normal distribution?
How does Leave-One-Out-Crossvalidation work?
What model for a challenging data set? (hundreds of time series with a lot of nesting)
What is a distance or similarity metric that takes into account the improbability of a match?
Is Hansen's skewed-$t$ distribution the same as the skewed-$t$ distribution which is a special case of GH Distribution?
How to equate hit probabilties on 2 different surfaces
How can I weight certain factors more heavily when computing distance function?
How to properly set up hypothesis testing in an operations reporting environment
Model selection in a paper: what to say about the dropped variables?
Phi MOA, Chi-Square and Null Hypothesis, What can be learned?
Does it make sense to cluster when you use a regression discontinuity?
Troubleshooting unreasonably large parameter estimates from GEE
Disease forecasting - counts or rates?
Having a job in data-mining without a PhD
One shot events
Generalized Linear Models and Curse of Dimensionality
How to select the bandwith of smoothed bootstrap for building confidence intervals?
How is the standard definition of independence applied to time-series?
Extract standard errors of coefficient linear regression R
How best to communicate uncertainty?
Estimating risk parameters from observed choices
Am I getting something wrong? A question about a paper on the F-test
Over-fitting in the cross-validation
Weibull distributed data for correlation analysis
Why is the power for this test so low?
The reference book for statistics with R – does it exist and what should it contain?
Logistic regression sub-group size parameters
What is the difference between a nested and non-nested model in CFA?
How SAS calculates PROC GLM
Understanding replication and lack-of-fit in regression modeling
matlab princomp latent
Asymptotics of 0-1 classification loss
Tool to work with dataflow easier/more visual
Spline df selection in a general additive Poisson model problem
Problem understanding what type of test to use and how to proceed with the questions provided
Why would someone use a Bayesian approach with a 'noninformative' improper prior instead of the classical approach?
What does mean by the cumulative frequency in the form of probits?
Monte Carlo test for comparing curvature of binomial response surfaces from effective degrees of freedom of GCV-fitted splines
How to test for normality in a 2x2 ANOVA?
Logistic regression: Is it valid to code NA as 0?
Fitting a particular Gaussian model
How to calculate the boundary value for a random variable which is sum of variables with gamma and uniform distributions?
How to interpret result from mvpart object in R?
Test whether count of events is significantly greater in a feature list than the general feature population
Finding the instantaneous period of a signal (or calculating period degradation)
Normalization prior to cross-validation
Looking for aberrations in time based data
How would you explain generalized linear models to people with no statistical background?
How to analyse a ranking and rating scale together?
How do you select variables in a regression model?
What are the major philosophical, methodological, and terminological differences between econometrics and other statistical fields?
Estimating demand elasticity econometrically
In structural econometrics, what is meant by simulation variance
Example of estimation vs. calibration
If you have a really big N, is using a regular vs. an m-n bootstrap ever a good idea?
Fixed effects models vs. models where years serve as instruments
Regressing price on volume
What is the reason why we use natural logarithm (ln) rather than log to base 10 in specifying function in econometrics?
Would it make sense to do a 2SLS regression for Nominal GDP and Money Supply?
How do I interpret my regression with first differenced variables?
Which regression method for life satisfaction score?
How robust is ANOVA when group sizes are unequal and residuals are not normally distributed?
Do all interactions terms need their individual terms in regression model?
Choice of K in K-Fold cross validation
How to test hypothesis on a fraction of two coefficients?
Vector autoregression - number of variables to use
When should one consider using GMM?
Using econometrics, how do I solve out the endogeneity problem?
Do variations of ELO system exist for non-mirror games?
Relationship between two time series: ARIMA
When does a random test fail?
Feature selection and cross-validation
Using principal component scores as predictors in mixed-model
Loss functions, decision theory for hyperparameters, or estimating the variance of an unknown prior
Ancova without intercept in R
Variable selection in large datasets
Using Adaboost with SVM for classification
Support Vector Machines (SVM) maximum margin hyperplane use
Quick question regarding simple algebra in Bayesian statistics
Should I use decision trees to predict user preferences?
Choosing alternatives to Poisson regression for overdispersed count data
How does glm.nb work?
Confidence interval for values for a fitted line
Cumulative Incidence vs. Kaplan Meier to estimate probability of failure
How to sample from the product of a Gaussian and an inverse-Wishart distribution?
Time series modeling the number of users of a mobile app
Modification of corrected repeated k-fold cv test” when also averaging Random Forest results across multiple sampling seeds?
What is the point of non-informative priors?
What's the probability of an event happening exactly once after two independent trials?
How to calculate margin of error for a binomial quality control experiment where only successes are observed (including FPC)?
Why can't we trust our intuition with probability?
Variance of median from the mixture distribution
How can I clean data of inconsistent format in R?
Upper/lower standard error makes sense?
Logistic quantile regression – how to best convey the results
Why is generalized linear model (GLM) a semi-parametric model?
Flexible version of logistic regression
What statistical analysis should I use to compare shooting percentages in basketball?
Empirical change of DAG for Bayesian Network
Similarity measures between curves?
How to compare the performence between different models?
in SAS how can I output Number of observation in regression output dataset?
strucchange breakpoints command: does NA mean no breaks are identified?
Are there some functions in R programming language for generalized partial linear model?
Fitting a Poisson GLM mixed model with a random slope and intercept
Combining classifiers by flipping a coin
What is the non-asymptotic relative power of non-parametric tests?
Several questions about statistical financial timeseries models from machine-learning person
Subscales (not items) as indicators of latent variables in SEM
What is the difference between serial correlation and having a unit root?
Maximizing Cronbach alpha to select the number of variables that define a given construct
Odds of X occurrences in a row given Y trials (A coin flip problem)
Variations of Assouad’s lemma
Collapsing data for repeated measures ANOVA?
How to fit the model for crossed and nested design using lme function in R?
Using total score from multi-scale instrument in structural equation modeling
Weighting a control group
Sum of exponential random variables follows Gamma, confused by the parameters
Accept rate in Metropolis–Hastings algorithm
Standard errors for multiple regression coefficients?
Should the proposal distribution in simulated annealing depend on the temperature?
How to transform ordinal data from questionnaire into proper interval data?
How to measure correlation between categorical variable?
ordered probit in JAGS
Statistical test for finding significant positions having deviated values
Model function for discovering irrelevant dimensions with L1 regularization
Predicting SSE in k-means clustering
Effect of %in% in a model formula?
Predicted values with lmer()
How to detect feature value combinations with outstanding win percentages
Are very large log likelihood and delta AIC values problematic for model selection?
When are Log scales appropriate?
Data entry tool for sparse table
A little confusion on Profile likelihood
Testing randomly generated data against its intended distribution
Dimensionality reduction for classifying textures with MATLAB
Differencing weekend fluctuations with R?
Time-Series Data and Omitted Variable Bias
How can I find the standard deviation of the sample standard deviation from a normal distribution?
Panel data descriptives, plots and 'feel for the data'
Categorical fixed effect w/ 3 levels in LMER
Logging similarities between vectors with R
Finite sample concentration results for partial correlation
Is a partial F-Test on a model reduced by only one variable valid?
How to specify pulses/level-shifts in data when creating ARIMA in R?
How do you find a peak rate in time series?
How to write program that takes a vector and a CDF and performs the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test?
Help on SVM for road image processing
Better method to estimate gender gap: difference between medians or median gap by occupation?
Weighting variables for an index
Significance level of kwallis2 test in Stata
Difference between Hpi.kfe, Hpi and Hscv in R's 'ks' package?
In a census-like situation, does it make sense to use Bayes Rule?
Training a decision tree against unbalanced data
Association or relationship
Pros/cons of estimating parameters for missing observations?
Randomly generated adjacency matrix in R
How can I know a random small subsample has a good performance?
Effective way to visualize net growth/profit/income?
Expected best performance possible on a data set
Is Bayes' theorem useless if $A$ is a subset of $B$?
Entropy-based refutation of Shalizi's Bayesian backward arrow of time paradox?
Eliciting priors ... with money!
Using SEM or multiple regression for analyzing questionnaire data with multiple 'sub-items'
How does the mice imputation function work?
Welch's t-test gives worse p-value for more extreme difference
How to draw a side-by-side plot mentioned in Graphical Display as an Aid to Analysis
Link between forward and inverse regression ($\text{E}(X|Y)$ and $\text{E}(Y|X)$ ;$ \text{var}[\text{E}(X|Y)]$ and $\text{var}[\text{E}(Y|X)]$)
Relation between two ordinal variables
Bayesian mixed model regression with a between subjects factor
Learning a mapping from one time series to another with a Kalman Filter
R package for visualizing and exploring large datasets
College Football Dataset
Simulating values from an estimated value and confidence interval in R
Mean squared error for data with skewed distribution
Recommendation for peer-reviewed open-source journal?
Practical problems with difficult posteriors
How to test differences in budget allocations
Quartiles in Excel 
Why squaring $R$ gives explained variance?
SVD of a data matrix after smoothing
Calculating Expected Value of a Streak
Directly compare subpixel shifts between two spectra -- and get believable errors!
How to determine variables that make certain cluster different from others?
How to calculate MAE and RMSE when using SVM light and libsvm?
Alternative measures of prediction power?
Effect of treatment on correlation between two sets of variables
Dixon test for outlier but which one is an outlier?
What are the different types of codings available for categorical variables (in R) and when would you use them?
Clustering a dataset with both discrete and continuous variables
Calculating Regression Coefficients for Very Large Observation Matrices
What is empirical entropy?
Is there a method for constructing decision trees that takes account of structured/hierarchical/multilevel predictors?
Tests for univariate outliers: have Dixon's and Grubb's methods been discredited?
Good approximations for CDFs
Good introduction book on small area estimation?
What is the impact of low predictor variance on logistic regression coefficient estimates?
Wide or narrow confidence interval
Effect on a rate
Guassian Process Regression - feature selection
Variance of the product of a random matrix and a random vector
Fisher Test in R
Distribution of ratio $X/Y$ where $X$ is normal, $Y$ is half normal
The minimum number of time points required on repeated measurement
How to utilize the result of aov function?
Monomial distribution of $X^a \cdot Y^b$ 
AIC for semi-parametric model
Confidence Interval for $\eta^2$
testing linear regression model efficiency
Classifying integer sequences by their first difference
Computation of $\sigma$ from $\beta$ coefficients in data censoring regression
Pseudo-$R^2$: what are the null models for linear and non-linear regressions?
Discerning the best model for a problem
Plotting a gaussian mixture with pdf values >> 1 in MATLAB
Differencing an i.i.d. time series
Software for fitting generalized least squares model with errors that follow seasonal ARMA model
Evaluating recommender systems with (implicit) binary ratings only
Theoretical problems with modeling auction systems
Some doubts about conditional expectation
Does my data come from a gamma or beta distribution?
Confidence interval for a proportion when sample proportion is almost 1 or 0
Plotting Options in R: Setting Axis Limits
Characterizing the inter-arrival time of software threads
How to evaluate quality of probability estimator for Bernoulli experiments?
Statistical significance of sample variance
Repeated measures ANOVA or Friedman test?
How to estimate the correlation between a property of two populations given several algorithms
List of likelihood-based classification techniques
One class classification with LIBSVM in Weka
Applying an interaction term to all the IVs
Properties of spectral decomposition
Unique group combinations
Multivariate non-parametric density estimation with many missing values
Characteristics of the surviving mice Experiment
Monte Carlo simulation exercise
Explaining quantile regression to nonstatisticians
What are the differences between document classification and clustering when working with a single topic?
Combining LASSO coefficients across imputed datasets
Standard deviation of game results about predictions from a rating system
How is it correct to deduce significance level of Pearson's correlation from a table?
Asymmetrical selective sampling for linear classification
Is cosine similarity a classification or a clustering technique?
Incorrect reasoning in obtaining average family income
How to conduct a factor analysis on questionnaire data based on 30 items in three blocks?
How to associate one predictor and 10 responses?
Nonparametric test for comparing trends in two time series
Type of probability used by insurance company (and influence of gender)
What are good data visualization techniques to compare distributions?
Differences on exploratory factor analysis, confirmatory factor analysis and principal component analysis
Statistical faults of the article relating GDP growth with certain non-sensical variable
Categorical dependent variable in between subject design
DNA use in court cases
Problem reconciling exact and inexact Poisson distribution algorithms
Is the probability of a unique DNA match the same, irrespective of the size of the dataset?
How to denote element-wise difference of two matrices
Index numbers and average prices
Ordinal reliability for small examinee population
Struggling to understand the relationship between two definitions of entropy
Regression with ARIMA(0,0,0) errors different from linear regression
How can adding a 2nd IV make the 1st IV significant?
Interpolation in multivariate time series
Why use Bonferroni approximation for experiment-wise alpha?
What is a valid post-hoc analysis for a three-way repeated measures ANOVA?
dirmult package in R
Understanding the plm package - Why aren't my standard errors correct?
What does covariance risk budget mean in fPortfolio package?
How to analyze a 2x3 design in which one level doesn't differ on one of the factors?
Information gain as a feature selection for 3-class classification problem
Nonlinear estimates of regression coefficients?
Using Python for building machine learning application
Clustering time series based on correlation
Tracking and data association with Kalman filters
How to get percentage agreement between a group of factor columns?
avova one way vs multiway
Univariate- Variance preserving, order reversing transformation
Regularization $L_1$ norm and $L_2$ norm empirical study
basic anova for all columns
Cox model with missing covariates
What do additional arguments indicate in  the simple.sim function in R?
Is there a general method for simulating data from a formula or analysis available?
Does having self and other report measures as predictors require dyad analysis?
What's a good range of weights to evaluate for $L_2$ regularized logistic regression?
What is correct terminology when describing the number of response levels of a Likert scale?
Proper order of variables in unbalanced ANOVA
Detecting fishy data
Mahalanobis distance distribution of multivariate normally distributed points
Specify variance structure in ASreml v3
How to run two-way ANOVA on data with neither normality nor equality of variance in R?
Joint confidence intervals for probabilities
Real utility of small accuracy improvements in sentiment classifiers
Regularized bayesian logistic regression in JAGS
Wondering what this bean plot analysis chart means
JAGS: unobserved parents and intialization
Constructing a Bayesian network from the begining
Classes of distributions closed under maximum
Dirichlet process/Chinese restaurant process for clustering in R
How do I test whether I can properly apply LDA?
Whether to assess normality in a factorial repeated measures ANOVA by looking at distributions within cells?
Linear mixed-effects modeling with twin study data
Clustering using the BIRCH algorithm
What is the probability that a multivariate Normal RV lies within a sphere of radius R?
Examining correlation and long range dependence in time series data with strong diurnal effects
Need someone's endorsement to publish a pre-print on arXiv
If only a two-way ANOVA main effect is significant, what is the appropriate follow-up?
Standard error of parameter estimates in regularized regression
Likelihood Ratio Testing in Multinomial logistic regression using SPSS
Probability of a relation on the uniform distribution of points over 2D space
Data on institutional quality/strength?
How to detect variables discriminating a sample from the rest of the samples?
What's a good approach to estimate the probability of word frequencies?
Finding the generator matrix for a Markov jump process
What is the exact definition of profile likelihood?
non-collapsed data - repeated measures mixed ANOVA
Comparing coefficients in multilevel models
Multivariate normal distribution of regression coefficient?
Bootstrap vs other simulated data methods
How to interpret model diagnostics when doing linear regression in R?
Why use a beta distribution on the Bernoulli parameter for hierarchical logistic regression?
How to test the equivalence of clinical parameters between two contingency tables (confusion matrix)?
Mean of all natural numbers?
What is the distribution of the ratio of sums of squared normal random variables?
Proofs of the central limit theroem
On the corrections for multiple comparisons
What are good references to jump from discrete to continuous time series models?
Test for IID sampling
Multinomial logistic regression?
Given a sample of random variables, and n, how do I find the ecdf of the sum of n Xs?
Maximum entropy inference for k-means clustering
Form of $\chi^2$ test
Nonparametric test to compare link prediction algorithms
Sample size to detect exponential distribution
Does it make sense to add a quadratic term but not the linear term to a model?
Response distribution dependent bias in random forest regression
General question on oversampling
Which model should I prefer for time series forecasting?
Using AdaBoost on multi-class in R on unbalanced data
State-of-the-art in smoothing splines
Multivariate normal posterior
Advantages of ROC curves
Probability of events
Projecting factors, forecast, using SVD and VAR
Transformations of input variables to linearize a regression function
Regression when the response is a proportion that can be 0 or 1
Pattern of mouse (or keybord) clicks and predicting computer user's activity
Why/When might it be preferable to fit to the integral of the data, rather than to the data itself?
Frequency ratio test with correlation structures
Fitting an exponential mixture model with interval constraints on the mixture weights
How to learn similarity of typed/attributed graphs?
What are the pros and cons of segmented regression and regression with ARIMA errors for interrupted time-series analysis?
How to predict missing values in time series?
Multinomial probit for varying choice set
Decomposing the normal distribution
Drawing random vectors from multivariate normal distribution with limited deviation
Nonlinear principal component analysis MATLAB code
Choosing the number of features
How best to normalize count data to compare two distributions
What is the difference between priors and likelihood?
Using averages of two different size groups
Multinomial logistic regression
Calculating confidence intervals
Curve smoothing in the presence of non-gaussian uncertainty
Poor classification performance with naiveBayes
Can two dependent rvs X and Y that are nonnegative have a normal distribution for X-Y? Can it be done with half normals?
How to create a histogram smart
Validation of a linear regression model using R
$\chi^2$ test and sparsely populated bins
Will off-diagonal elements of Cov-Matrix contribute to number of parameters for AIC?
Tips and tricks for getting good parameter estimates using Bayesian nonlinear regression
Random forest implementation for sparse data
Binary classification vs. continuous output with neural networks
Overfitting with pLSA
What if an overall ANOVA is not significant, but specific contrasts are?
Simulating or generating datasets for testing modelling methodologies
Multiple regression with missing predictor variable
Goodness of fit test for a mixture in R
Plot explicit cdf instead of ecdf in R
Performance metric for algorithm predicting probability of low probability events
Classification of cluster-correlated data
Nominal response - censored predictor
Why adding an NA indicator column instead of value imputation (for randomForest)
How to combine WEKA classifiers
Analyze spatial correlation from a plot
clustering with particle filters
Goodness of fit test for a mixture in R
Difference between ANOVA power simulation and power calculation
Finding the best features in interaction models
Incremental learning methods in R
Variance of a sample of random variables
$M$-estimation in multivariate linear regression model in R
Can the ratio importance sampling estimate by made to be unbiased with resampling?
Sampling extremely large and diverse dataset?
Correcting standard errors when the independent variables are autocorrelated
How to prove a particular identity involving the CDF of a continuous, strictly positive random variable? 
How to cluster LDA/LSI topics generated by gensim?
How to quantify statistical insignificance?
2x2x2 plus control group: nested ANOVA?
PCA when the dimensionality is greater than the number of samples
Intraclass correlation to validate a measure
Good games for learning statistical thinking?
Convex cost functions and Fisher consistency
Confidence interval about the difference between false positive and false negative proportions
How to compute significant interaction estimates when main effect is not significant?
Why do linear regression and ANOVA give different $p$-value in case of considering interaction between variable?
Simulating unconditional Gaussian markov random field
What do interactions of spline and non-spline terms mean?
Computing and plotting a correlogram
How to judge if a datapoint deviates substantially from the norm
Basic knowledge about cognitive robotics
How to interpret model diagnostics graphics after R linear regression?
Would a Random Forest with multiple outputs be possible/practical?
Choosing a null hypothesis to answer the question Are my model's predictions better than random?
Interpreting group level coefficents/degrees of freedom in mixed effects model
How do I predict subject mean (w/ error) with repeated measurements in SPSS?
How to estimate the intensity of a multidimensional point process?
Proposal for transition matrix for Metropolis-Hastings phylogenetic inference
Calculate number of needed simulations
What is the definition of a symmetric distribution?
How to be sure about the distribution of a discrete and limited stochastic variable?
How to compare parameters between different types of generalized linear model?
What is the advantage of having balanced panel data rather than unbalanced?
Size of the data set for measuring variation
How to analyse multiple between subjects factors in a mixed ANOVA in SPSS?
How important is it to define the nested design in a within subject ANOVA?
Inequality convolution distribution function
Is the Poisson distribution stable and are there inversion formulas for the MGF?
Estimating good buying and selling prices on eBay using eBay sales history
How to label a constant y-axis in a grid of plots?
Can someone please explain these word probability formulas to me?
Regression for an outcome (ratio) between 0 and 1
Plotting overlaid ROC curves
Plotting confidence intervals for the predicted probabilities from a logistic regression
What is a method to calculate precisely $P(Y \geq X, Y\leq Z)$, given three independent random variables $X, Y$, and $Z$
Limit of a convolution and sum of distribution functions
Stability of cross-validation in Bayesian models
Normalize a periodic parameter
logistic regression. How to get dual function?
Sum of random variables decomposition
Books on non-parametric theory with correlated data
$\sigma$-algebra intersection of infinite subsets
How to decide if to do dimensionality reduction before clustering?
Dynamic factor analysis vs factor analysis on differences
Can eliminating parameters reduce overfitting?
Using mle2() for age-period-cohort models
Simulating a Gaussian process with an exponentially decaying covariance function
Classification-results datasets
Goodness-of-fit for linear, mixed effects models
Correlation between two time series
How to perform a non-equi-spaced histogram in R?
Real data collection with small population
Cubic clustering criterion in R
Mean$\pm$SD or Median$\pm$MAD to summarise a highly skewed variable?
Regression technique for data comprised of categorical explanatory variables & a continuous response variable
Intuitive explanation of unit root
How many degrees of freedom with many subjects and many tests?
Confidence interval for the height of a histogram bar
Difference between neural net weight decay and learning rate
How to run survival analysis on big dataset?
Curing noncoverage with hot-deck imputation?
Difference between survival analysis and classification?
PCA loadings interpretation
Participant identifier for a field study in a sensitive work environment
Incorporating utility function with error function in a neural network model
A good resource to learn about the intuition and optimization models behind Markovitz modern portfolio theorem
What is one-step ahead static forecast?
Do you reject the null hypothesis when $p < \alpha$ or $p \leq \alpha$? 
Robust standard errors in multiple regression
How to compute standard deviation of difference between two data sets?
Deterministic algorithms inspired by MCMC?
What is the most effective way to populate the PCA training matrix for eigenfaces?
Power analysis for observational study of secondary data
Problem of clustering into most similar groups
Is that meaningful to compare two random variables?
Adjusted $R^2$ versus $R^2$ in multiple regression
Assuming my three data series are each $\chi^2(1)$ distributed, are they different from eachother?
Finding communities in online social networks by removing nodes
How to check if a sequence of number is time series or not?
Does MLE require i.i.d. data? Or just independent parameters?
Does autocorrelation cause bias in the regression parameters in piecewise regression?
Justification for use of $\chi^2(1)$ in Wald and score test
Expectation of a product of multiple random (Bernoulli) variables
Appropriate use of difference adjusted CIs in error bars for mixed ANOVA's time * group interaction
Inference on a probabilistic graphical model with observed continuous variable
Calculating standard error for funnel plots
Log transformation with negative values
Is there a conjugate prior for Gumbel-distributed data?
Bandwidth selection for smooth reliability diagram
Creating auto-correlated random values in R
How to find out if an online poker-site is fair?
Calculating standard error for a Normal population
Strange result of post-hoc test
How to choose an appropriate covariance structure for a simple one-way within-subjects RM ANOVA design?
Two binomial probability Researcher paradox
Chi-square independence in political sciences
Each letter has a $40\%$ chance of being replied to; how many letters to send to be $99\%$ sure that you get 200 replies?
Interpreting residual diagnostic plots for glm models?
Fitting a complex model of variance-vs-mean for quasi likelihood models? (in R)
How can I minimize this least squares problem with inequality constraints?
Wrong values in Dunnett post-hoc test
Approximation in a equality
Does the samples mean and the histogram mean have to be the same?
Two studies, opposite results: Am I allowed to compute an overall mean using random-effect model?
Least squares with non-linear constraints
Can I hypothesis test for skew normal data?
Estimate sample size if two properties are measured and their probabilities are known
Probabilities of events related to drawing cards
Density of a scaled log transformed random variable?
What's the difference between likelihood and confidence in claim being true
What is the difference between linear regression and logistic regression?
Estimating two break points in a broken stick model with random effects in R
Arbitrariness of Euler's number in exponential of log-normal distribution
What is the meaning of operators in regression or anova formulas in R
A course in experimental design for data miners
Jack-knife with time series models
Are there any *very* user friendly (preferably video) explanations of Baum-Welch?
Visualizing a spline basis
Can you overfit by training machine learning algorithms using CV/Bootstrap?
Conceptual understanding of root mean squared error and mean bias deviation
Support vector regression in R
Weighted clustering algorithm
What is the marginal distribution of a single draw from the Normal-Inverse-Wishart prior?
Probability associated with experiencing all outcomes
Contingency tables: what tests to do and when?
Help required with using the correct model for sampling
Panel-data exploratory data analysis
A statistics book that explains using more images than equations
Collinear variables in Multiclass LDA training
Which machine learning blog do you recommend?
Multivariate time series model evaluation with conditional moments
Dynamically generating regression coefficients and tracking their change over time
How can you summarize growth in the production rate per person?
Specify number of linear discriminants in R MASS lda function
Spline fitting in R - how to force passing two data points?
Could logistic regression be used to detect large errors in least squares regression?
What is the expectation of a normal random variable divided by uniform random variable?
What statistical measures are recommended for mixing of population samples?
Normalize sample data for clustering
Is there an easy way to calculate significant difference between two largely overlapping correlations from same sample?
Time series modeling with high-frequency data
What's a time series model for forecasting a percentage bound by (0,1)?
Variation on binomial experiment
How to visualise a 3D data-set for someone over the Internet?
Deciding on power to use for box-cox transformation
Random forest and new factor levels in test set
What are good, freely available journals for keeping track of the latest developments in machine learning?
Mixed text and graphical univariate data summary in R
Testing for equality of variance in permutations (microarray analysis with bioconductor)
Significance of difference between 2 variables of Cauchy distribution
Distribution of product of sums of a set
Correct enunciation of $ \, \sum \big( {Y_{i}}-{ \hat{Y}_{i}} \big)^2$
OLS vs. logistic regression for exploratory analysis with a binary outcome
How to model this data?
How to write a linear model formula with 100 variables in R
Difference between CI of ANOVA level coefficients vs t-test CI - which one is correct?
How to conduct a meta-analysis using raw data?
How do I study the correlation between a continuous variable and a categorical variable?
Test for markov-property in a time-series
CLT and stable distributions
Parametric, semiparametric and nonparametric bootstrapping for mixed models
Multicollinearity among spatial predictors
What test can I use to prove there is an upward trend in time series of ratios assesment in R?
exact Monte Carlo simulation of a large sample histogram
How to plot the contribution of each regression coefficient in a model, with R?
error in getting predictions from a lme object
How to compare or normalize two sets of probabilities?
Time series analysis with neural networks
How to present and compare mixed models vs. regular linear regression models?
Slope of a line given multiple points
Eigenvectors for the sum of two symmetric matrices
Probability of rolling 1 and 2 when rolling an unfair die 8 times
When to use a t value and when to use 1.645 for a 90% confidence interval?
Estimating Diversity of operon types using HMMs across metagenomes: Mann-Whitney? Kruskal-Wallis? or other?
p-value vs. confidence interval obtained in Bootstrapping
Hypothesis testing: small timeseries changes
Can I compare ordinal rankings (and if so, how)?
Why are rlm() regression coefficient estimates different than lm() in R?
Need help deriving regression statistics
Main challenges in data-mining
Difference and connection between generative learning, discriminative learning and max-margin learning
What is a market basket problem?
What are the differences between the linear regression and mixed models?
Jensen-Shannon divergence calculation for 3 prob distributions: Is this ok?
Model stability when dealing with large $p$, small $n$ problem
Error bars on sample variance
Is cross-validation an effective approach for feature/model selection for microarray data?
How to visualize both total counts of categories and proportions of subcategories in a plot?
Parametric or non-parametric tests? ... or transformation?
When is it incorrect to draw stacked area charts?
From confidence interval to standard deviation - what am I missing?
What is the most suitable statistical test for a series of data?
Clustering groups based on frequency and last date of choice
Non-inferiority testing with coefficients and standard errors from ANOVA table in MLR?
Goals for students in an introductory course
How to interpret the output of survival analysis?
Minimum number of observations for multiple linear regression
How do you explain the difference between relative risk and absolute risk?
C++ library to play with statistics (detecting outliers in time series)
Is there an unbiased estimator of an Hellinger distance?
Differences between PROC Mixed and lme / lmer in R - degrees of freedom
What if k-means starts in a local minimum?
Euclidean distance is usually not good for sparse data?
Ordinary kriging stationary case
Robust regression: setting the limit between errors and influential observations
Fixed effects contrasts in multilevel model
Nonintegral (and not half-integral) median
Standard error for the mean of a sample of binomial random variables
Clustering 5 dimensions into 4 based on mean?
Bayesian and frequentist optimization and intervals
Is it possible to estimate the odds of winning a multi-entry contest, when I don't know the breakdown of entries?
How do I deal with a violation of sample independence in a Pearson's correlation?
How can I compute Pearson's $\chi^2$ test statistic for lack of fit on a logistic regression model in R?
Cell sizes for a fractional factorial design that ignores some main effects
The operation of chance in a deterministic world
How to sample from $\{1, 2, ..., K\}$ for $n$ random variables, each with different mass functions, in R?
Methods to find the relationships between independent and dependent variables instead of regression
Compare group difference with replicates?
How to rigorously define the likelihood?
The pdf of multivariate normal distribution with high correlation values
Getting fixed-effect only predictions from mixed model on new data in R
How do I conduct a $\chi^2$ test on two different surveys?
Testing survival against frequency of some event
How should I account for small samples in a larger data set? Should I remove them?
What's the difference between statistics and informatics?
Tests for normed vector
What happens if you reject normality of residuals when estimating with least squares?
Experiment involving darts, how should I measure the response?
What is covariance in plain language?
Are there methods for automatically detecting features of a curve?
Inter-rater statistic for skewed rankings
How to determine best cutoff point and its confidence interval using ROC curve in R?
How to determine significant subgroups of data inputs?
Question about hierarchical regression
Regression when the OLS residuals are not normally distributed
Comparing densities of two partitions of a population
Standard deviation if in Excel
Piecewise orthogonal regression
Overview of (common) classifiers and their characteristics
What is the correct way of estimating the proportion of individuals in a population from a count of their individual parts?
Empirical Bayes and random effects?
Mining association rules on relational data
Algorithms for 1D Gaussian mixture with equal variance and noise cluster
Interval estimation of $\sigma^2$ with the reliability of $95\%$
What is the appropriate machine learning algorithm for this problem?
The values of data points near the start and the end of time series, when smoothed with simple moving average
When should you center your data & when should you standardize?
Regression with exponentially-smoothed errors
How to measure usage data across cohorts/segments?
Forecasting with exponential smoothing - impact of regression to the mean? Assumptions for forecasting?
Nonnegative matrix factorization on a matrix with negative values
On-line detection of over-fitting in neural networks
What is a polynomially bounded function, and why is this a requirement of the The Delta Method?
Inference on random graph, with an application to mobile sensors
Post processing random forests using regularised regression: what about bias?
How do I interpret data from a 2x2 experiment with a floor effect that causes it to lack any variation in one cell?
How to fit a multivariate lognormal distribution to a given dataset
How to interpret the output for calculating concordance index (c-index)?
Segmented time-dependent covariate
How adding covariance noise in Gaussian processes to prevent overfitting?
Compare event count in two different time periods
Factor analysis and regression
How to correct for generated regressor bias?
How do betting houses determine betting odds for sports?
Uncertainty of extrapolation (curve fitting)
Frequentism and priors
Consistent estimator for probability density function at a given point
Market segmentation based on a time of consumption
Degrees of freedom in quadratic regression simultaneous confidence bands
How to determine if a change in F value when introducing a covariate, is significant?
Does a stepwise approach produce the highest $R^2$ model?
Confusion regarding the confidence interval
Dunnett's test for a large number of treatments
Confidence interval of multivariate gaussian distribution
Interrater reliability in SPSS
Techniques for incremental online learning of classifier on stream data
Statistic that combines proportion and 'success' size
The only spherical and independent density is normal!
Variables which sum to a constant - ANOVA, MANOVA or none of these?
Estimated distribution of eigenvalues for i.i.d. (uniform or normal) data
When does the law of large numbers fail?
Is it possible (or even usefull) to transform Log transformed data into Z-scores?
Probability of drawing letters from a word
R limma voom function mean-variance trend
confusion regarding confidence interval of normal distribution
How to describe multi-channel sequence objects in TraMineR?
What is a good way to measure the linearity of a dataset?
Reference for $\mathrm{Var}[s^2]=\sigma^4 \left(\frac{2}{n-1} + \frac{\kappa}{n}\right)$?
nonparametric confidence interval about the difference of means for unpaired data
boxplot : computed values combined with raw data
The meaning of probability when large number law fails
Method to find 'principal components' of EMG recordings of reflexes
Multilevel covariance structure and more
How to generate predictions with rjags?
Creating variogram for a 10,000 set data
Which weighting factor to use for text categorization
How to select best parameter for polynomial kernel?
Number of events of type B given n events of type A in a Poisson process
What is the importance of the function $e^{-x^2}$ in statistics?
Good GLIM Books
How to decide between pearson, distance correlation or maximal information coefficient for currency data?
How to test and examine interaction effect in 2 by 3 by 6 mixed ANOVA design?
Method to estimate the prediction interval for GLM and negative binomial distribution
Can I use time series analysis on short time scales (e.g., with 5 to 30 measurements? 
Can I multiply and round proportion data for analysis in a GL(M)M with Poisson errors?
How to calculate ROC(Ag) in this sound perception study?
Visualizing high dimensional binary data
Is it possible to use common principal components for assessing covariance matrix similarity in R? 
Scope of non-linear least squares
Should confidence intervals for linear regression coefficients be based on the normal or $t$ distribution?
Where can I find a large corpus of mathematical equations as images?
Variance partitioning and longitudinal changes in correlation with binary data
How to explain the partial correlation result?
Identifying outliers for non linear regression
negative binomial GLM with time elapsed as a predictor
MAD equivalent for standard error
In principal components regression, should I weight the regression the same as the PCA? Or at all?
Calculating error in sampling
How to move from some arbitrary distance to a probability distribution?
Non-technical conditions for validity of nonparametric bootstrap confidence intervals
How to analyse raw titration data with R?
How to analyse RCT where significant baseline differences exist despite randomisation?
Appropriateness of PCA to visualize clusters in genetic data
Is it acceptable to run two linear models on the same data set?
Neural networks vs support vector machines: are the second definitely superior?
Is there a generalization of Pillai trace and the Hotelling-Lawley trace?
What's the relevance of Tommy Franks and Geneva Convention to Robust Regression?
Distribution to reflect situation where some waiting leads us to expect more waiting
Linear regression when you only know $X^t Y$, not $Y$ directly
Variance-gamma distribution: parameter estimation
Basic easy rules for statistics
Vector autoregression - number of lags
Identifying the time lag between cause and effect
Statistical measure for if an image consists of spatially connected separate regions
Weird denominator degrees of freedom in SAS glimmix
Hyperparameter estimation in Gaussian process
Discrimination between multivariate populations when variables are non-normal?
How to check whether a sample is representative across two dimensions simultaneously?
Split-half reliability on binary scores
Multi class LDA vs 2 class LDA
Generating random matrices with sum and maximality constraints
Plot a subset of categories on the x-axis in ggplot
Standard error of the mean vs. standard error of mean difference
How are the constraints of the parameters of a GARCH model calculated?
Computing time issues when using ordinary kriging
If $X \sim {\rm Bernoulli}(p)$, what is the distribution of $Y=aX-b$?
Optimizing regression coefficients to predict the largest outcomes
Probability of head in coin toss is not exactly 1/2!
Practical significance, especially with percents: standard measure and threshold
If there was a certification exam for statisticians, what would be the syllabus?
Risk assesment and non-statistician's perception of percentages
Linear factor analysis to find stationary factors?
Skills & coursework needed to be a data analyst
Is there a test for omitted variable bias in OLS?
Determine if a heavy tailed distributed process has improved significantly
Can somebody illustrate how there can be dependence and zero covariance?
Is it possible to have a pair of Gaussian random variables for which the joint distribution is not Gaussian?
Sampling for Imbalanced Data in Regression
Eigenvalues nearly all 1 in canonical correlation analysis
Boosted AR for time series forecasting?
Tools for testing the validity of stocks market indicators
How to analyse the effect of changing parameters in a neural network?
What software (paid or free) exists for learning large datasets?
Get frequency of a noisy sample
Using MAD as a way of defining a threshold for significance testing
Generating volcano scatterplot
Which the best programming language to handle time series?
Regression with dummy for only one specific date
How to estimate effect of  individual levels, within each categorical variable on observed counts?
Converting OR to percentages and interpretation
Markov point processes and mobility
How does R's auto.arima() function determine the order of differencing when estimating a regression with seasonal ARIMA errors?
Asymptotic relative efficiency of median vs mean for Student t distribution
Adding gamma and 3-parameter log normal distributions to L-moments ratio diagram lmrd()
Is there a method to estimate distribution parameters given only quantiles?
Sampling in $\mathbb{R}^n$ with roughly equal Voronoi cells
Residual diagnostics in MCMC -based regression models
How can we bound the probability that a random variable is maximal?
How to assess repeatability of multivariate and method-specific outcomes?
Hierarchical regression with dummy variables
Fitting logistic to small number of points in R
Which optimization algorithm to use for problems with many local optima and expensive goal function?
Is there an equivalent measure of explanatory power in Support Vector Regression (SVR) like in Least Squares?
Interpreting F and p statistics from R grangertest results
Defining an n-dimensional orthogonal basis set
Understanding the calculation of the independent samples Cohen's d from t & df
With what probability the standard deviation of GP capture the measurement?
How does one construct the likelihood function of a distribution in the alpha stable family given non-i.i.d. data?
When should one use the Reduced Major Axis regression, aka Geometric Mean Functional Relationship?
Rare Events Model with a discrete index as the dependent variable?
Granger /Wald test interpretation
What analysis (in SPSS) should I use for a repeated measures design with dichotomous outcome variable?
How to statistically test whether breastfeeding support influences breastfeeding initiation and duration?
Confidence Band for Probability Mass or Density Function
Sample size for binomial confidence interval
Calculating confidence for a web app conversion rate
How to nest in a generalized linear model in R?
Why not perform meta-analysis on partially simulated data?
Dichotomous DV and 3 points of measurement per condition within each subject
How to correct for inter-experimental variation in cell culture research?
How to simulate data that satisfy specific constraints such as having specific mean and standard deviation?
Practical difference between sampling and re-sampling with replacement
How to calculate error of percentage ratio?
Improving recall in a neural network
What software implements the multiple comparison sign test?
Reason to normalize in euclidean distance measures in hierarchical clustering
Geometrical interpretation of correlation of a variable and the residual
What will be the correct answer, if we modify the Best statistics question ever?
What is the distribution of the 'achieved' $R^2$?
Not sure how to carry out this two-way repeated measures ANOVA
Probability of observed data in HMM
Coefficient estimated with a binary predictor $\in \{0,1\}$, but making predictions with values between $0$ and $1$ - is this OK?
Acceptable to reverse score a principal component?
Comparing two classifiers on separate pairs of train and test datasets
Suitable number of classes for SVM in text categorization
Understanding hypothesis testing, confidence intervals and frequencies
Univariate clustering of time series 
Why is expectation the same as the arithmetic mean?
Priors for log-normal models
Calibrating GARCH specifications in R
Calculate R-squared with JAGS and R
Testing the parameter of a sub-sample
Collinearity diagnostics disagree - VIF, condition index, and correlation matrix
Bayesian, MDL or ML interpretation of cross-validation?
What is the relationship between sample size and the influence of prior on posterior?
Can I do a t test if I have little to no variance in one group?
How to perform two-sample t-tests in R by inputting sample statistics rather than the raw data?
What is the difference between fixed effects model and random effects model for a meta-analysis of sample correlations?
How to calculate mean and standard deviation in R given confidence interval and a normal or gamma distribution?
Multivariate ordered logit or probit
How to assess predictive power of set of categorical predictors of a binary outcome? Calculate probabilities or logistic regression?
Gaussian process - dimensionality reduction
Joint probabilities for continuous and binomial variables
R equivalent to cluster option when using negative binomial regression
How do I call nonconsecutive rows in an R dataframe?
Small dimensional classification (< 20 features), one (or two) dominant predictors
How can I use partial pooling to shrink cells with a small sample size towards the mean in a contingency table?
What is a good book on experimental design and data analysis relevant to industrial bakery applications?
Shifting bootstrap confidence interval to be centered around original parameter
Is a biased or unbiased estimator used for pooled SD in calculating Cohen's d?
Are significance tests for the assumption of constant variance too strict when sample size is large?
Using generalized method of moments (GMM) to calculate logistic regression parameter
How do I get a $p$-value from the Cochran-Armitage trend test?
Best practice when merging waves from non-panel survey
Identifying when fixed effects have changed in a GLMM
Generalized linear model for Levy distribution with not complete data
How to determine the effect size of a Wilcoxon rank-sum test in R?
Geometric interpretation of penalized linear regression
How to calculate a posterior for the given model?
Alternative to coefficient of variation (CV)/relative standard error as a measure of estimate's reliability/stability
Interpreting the change in random effect variance over time in a GLMM
How to calculate the correlation between smoking patients and heart attacks for each country?
What does a non positive definite covariance matrix tell me about my data?
Error in normal approximation to a uniform sum distribution
Neural network training on unlimited theoretical data
How to predict how long a worker will take to perform a task when performance on the task is only known for other workers?
If gauge charts are bad, why do cars have gauges?
How to deal with ceiling effect due to measurement tool?
Probability of selecting each item at least once when sampling with replacement
When does LASSO select correlated predictors?
What are acceptable validation or cross validation error rates?
Statistical analysis for rubric-based research
Automatically determine probability distribution given a data set
How to combine subsets consisting of mean, variance, confidence, and number of sampled points used?
Plotting interval censored follow-up time as a line chart
What is the distinction between paired and unpaired time series?
How to check and correct heteroskedasticity in a multilevel model?
The use of logarithmic form to facilitate comparison
Prediction errors in orthogonal regression
What causes extremely small p values in Granger causality test?
How to compare two groups on a measure of social skills that includes 5 subscales where each subscale is number correct out of 12?
How to calculate similarity in gene expression for each gene in two conditions and rank them?
Is Marliyn vos Savant correct about the 2/3 odds in her version of the Monty Hall problem?
Mixture Models and Dirichlet Process Mixtures (beginner lectures or papers)
How to display a large number of model results from groups of data?
How to handle multicollinearity in a linear regression with all dummy variables?
Random generation of n-dimensional data with possibly correlated variables
How to increase variance in Gaussian Process regression?
Why does a model perform worse after reintroducing observations with missing data imputed?
How can r-squared be very high in all groups except one where it is very low?
Can complex sampling be ignored for exploratory patient-centered analyses?
How to assess accuracy of phone GPS in measuring distances?
xts object to ts object / seasonal dummies for xts
How to give entire word a quality score to account for the phred score of each letter?
How  to test  whether subgroup mean differs from overall group that includes the subgroup?
Generating random variables satisfying constraints
How to obtain covariance matrix for constrained regression fit?
What is the difference between a stationary test and a unit root test?
How to best display forecast deviation?
(Non-linear) Transformation of confidence interval for multinomial parameters
How to add features of the 2nd level into a multi-level regression?
Quantitative evaluation metric of kmeans clustering results
Estimate density from neighbor distances
Repeatedly rolling a six sided die four times and summing the highest three results gives you a distribution with what mean and standard deviation?
Deriving the conditional distributions of a multivariate normal distribution
Test if one predictor's lack of a relationship with the DV is because of a negative relationship with another predictor correlated with the DV
What is the meaning of orthogonal in validation testing?
Probabilistic regression with outliers
What distribution can be closely (or precisely) fit to the 5 number summary statistics?
Significance test for non-normal population?
How to analyze a 34 item standardised survey purportedly measuring 6 dimensions using SPSS?
Confused about sum and treatment contrasts
Computing Cohen's Kappa variance (and standard errors)
Correlation significant in each group but non-significant over all?
How to choose between nested or split-plot analysis of variance?
Analyzing Likert scales
Moving average signal confidence
How to bootstrap non-negative matrix factorization results?
A list of common time series tests?
Confusion regarding kriging
Queries regarding gaussian processes and kriging
Role of n.minobsinnode parameter of GBM in R
Hypothesis testing on the inverse covariance matrix
How to simulate functional data?
Generate sets of values with high correlation coefficient
Calculating probability of project tasks, and most likely ending date?
A question about parameters of Gamma distribution in Bayesian econometrics
Correspondence analysis on a table of means
Suggestion about morphometric analysis in R using lm or lme
How to do binary logistic regression on people (couples) clustered within homes?
False discovery rate of a Bayesian classifier: scaling based on prior odds?
Posterior derivation with prior as Normal-Gamma distribution
bayesian test of linear regression hypothesis
Linear regression with shot noise
Testing if short sequence of small values drawn from binomial distribution
Is it acceptable to use Cronbach's alpha to assess reliability of questionnaire composed of categorical and conditional items?
Is building a multiclass classifier better than several binary ones?
Expected log value of noncentral exponential distribution
What test is appropriate for binary outcome with repeated measures and binary, ordinal and continuous independent variables?
How do test whether two multivariate distributions are sampled from the same underlying population?
Funny statistics exam answers
How to interpret OOB and confusion matrix for random forest?
Does using bootstrapping change how you deal with problems of Type I errors when testing multiple correlations?
Refugee from SPSS having issues with fit.contrast in R
Should Kevin Durant be benched?
What are the assumptions of ordinal mixed effects logistic regression?
Which t-test to use for a two-group pre- post-test design?
Comparing rates of binomial outcome response in large datasets
Looking for a good online resource about survey design and analysis
Basis of Pearson correlation coefficient
Cluster randomized sampling and subseqent analysis
Initializing K-means clustering
How small a quantity should be added to x to avoid taking the log of zero?
Examples of errors in MCMC algorithms
What is the $R^2$ value given in the summary of a coxph model in R
How to test that a set of distributions are located in a given order?
Whether to apply structural equation modelling separately to each of a set of heterogeneous correlation matrices in a meta-analysis context?
Generalization of Brownian motion to $\alpha$-stable distributions
Estimating the parameters of a sum of a Gaussian and an $\alpha$-stable random variable
Finding local extrema of a density function using splines
Confusion regarding least squares method
Why autocovariances could fully characterise a time series?
Relationship between Intimal thickness (as assessed by score) and age or hormonal status
Model-selection for linear mixed models over alternative sets of parameters (nlme function in R)
Assessing the accuracy of a deterministic mathematical model
Best multivariate polynomial regression
For chi-square on any 2 by X contingency table, should no more than 20% of the cells  be less than 5? 
How to specify a multilevel regression using lmer function in R?
Can the performance of a deterministic model be evaluated without an estimate of model uncertainty?
What is the difference between deterministic models and probabilistic models that assume that error follows a degenerate distribution?
Building GLM Model with dependent variable as a proportion for 4 categories using R software
Can you use composite z-scores in a repeated measures t-test?
What's a good way to use R to make a scatterplot that separates the data by treatment?
Is it plausible to get a Cronbach's alpha of .85 with only two Likert-type items?
Posterior simulations of the variances with the mcmcsamp function
Ordered logit with (too many?) categorical independent variables
Run a Monte Carlo simulation of a startup while conceiving it? Has it been done?
False convergence warning message in lmer
How to implement this classification/labelling problem?
Poisson Rate Regression: Offset?
Confidence intervals for two-part regression model
Mean square error or mean squared error
dummy variables with overlapping categories?
How do you predict a continuous value from many booleans & a continuous value?
Degrees of freedom/significance of group-level predictors in lmer
What is the meaning of the semicolon in $f(x;\Theta)$?
Summarization of correlated but noisy measurement data
Is it possible to append training data to existing SVM models?
Likelihood based model selection
Is it typical for group means of composite z-scores to have means with values of the same magnitude but opposite signs?
What is the probability that this person is female?
Distribution of variable for discriminant function analysis
Why does the fit get worse when I remove a non-significant predictor from my path model?
What type of sampling is this?
Comprehensive dataset for documents classification
How to calculate cumulative distribution in R?
Simulating distributions
How to combine standard deviations?
Estimating Alpha parameter in a stable distribution
Toeplitz variance matrix with nlme
What to conclude when you fail to find an association in an epidemiological study?
Can we trust the results of PROC MIXED when the G matrix is not positive definite?
Calculating possible combinations with restrictions
How to convert standardized coefficients to unstandardized coefficients?
How are Kenward & Roger's degrees of freedom computed in PROC MIXED?
Does using box-cox transformation on individual data sets prevent these data from being comparable?
Generating quartiles from an imputed variable
Variance matrix with equal diagonal entries in PROC MIXED
Building the vocabulary in document classification
How to specify and estimate the parameters of a model that is quadratic in several variables
2-dimensional moment and rotation
Missing cells with Type III SS
Cross validation for multivariate imputation
What does that mean that two time series are colinear?
How can I estimate 95% confidence intervals using profiling for parameters estimated by maximising a log-likelihood function using optim in R?
Software or libraries to create doc-term matrix
Making boxplots of hourly data in R
Is there a quantitative way to compare the distribution shape of different samples?
How to do clustering on monthly collected data?
Gaussian Process goodness of fit
Can I used a repeated measures ANOVA or do I have to use a multivariate ANOVA?
Can I include nominal predictor variables in ordinal regression?
How does Cornish-Fisher VaR (aka modified VaR) scale with time?
Bootstrap PCA with varimax rotation
Logistic regression across groups
Are tree map diagrams effective at conveying information?
How can I optimise computational efficiency when fitting a complex model to a large data set repeatedly?
Hidden Markov model thresholding
When is it appropriate to pool data?
Problem with Pareto distribution and R
Binary classification and ROC curve area less than .5
Multinomial logistic regression assumptions
How to best analyze a dataset with only categorical variables?
Extremely large class set for support vector machine (SVM) classification
What's the simplest way to create a beanplot in matlab?
Reinforcement Learning Value Iteration Explained
Understanding the linear mixed effects model equation and fitting a random effects model with weights in R
How to add non-linear trend line to a scatter plot in R?
How to get started with rating and ranking based on pairwise competition data?
How to test uniformity in several dimensions?
Dealing with multicollinearity of explanatory variables in panel regression when the usual remedies fail
Estimation problem in econometric model
Machine Learning and training time: is it really relevant?
Is it appropriate to do a multiple logistic regression where both the dependent and independent variables are binary?
How would one graph the results of subjective rank order?
Does a linear SVM behave in the same way as correlation except with the imposition of a large margin?
Differences between a statistical model and a probability model?
Ecological mixed data cluster analysis: Transformations required? Use K-means or hierarchical methods?
How to calculate minF' with corrected degrees of freedom?
Is the power for a Kappa test the same as underlying z-test?
How to perform paired sample t-test when the standard error of the difference is zero?
What to say to a client that thinks confidence intervals are too wide to be useful?
Using ARMA when data is missing
What would be a good paper to cite to explain simulation methods in proc mixed in SAS?
Estimating event duration by sampling with a Poisson process
How to interpret main effects when the interaction effect is not significant?
Determining the expected number of accident-free days per year in a city
Simulating answering a series of questions correctly in a row
What is the difference between a consistent estimator and an unbiased estimator? 
How to produce a polynomial trend line equation that takes three arrays as parameters?
What are some illustrative applications of empirical likelihood?
Bag of words vs vector space model?
What is the influence of C in SVMs with linear kernel?
Learning models for dependent point processes
Understanding Fisher's combined test
Flat ETS forecast of clearly increasing time series
Kaplan-Meier multiple group comparisons
How to perform inter-rater reliability with multiple raters, different raters per participant, and possible changes over time?
Different size of vocabulary made by Weka and R's tm
How to produce a pretty plot of the results of k-means cluster analysis?
Are inconsistent estimators ever preferable?
Combining probabilities for sports prediction
How do I use the SVD in collaborative filtering?
Popularity of Bayesian methods in statistics and machine learning
How to ensure data is normally distributed for the purpose of performing a continuous wavelet transform?
Classification algorithm and big text field
Regression with categorical factor variable and the correlation among the variables
Inducing sparsity in a Bayesian model
How to get standard errors from R zero-inflated count data regression?
Confidence interval for the number of trials before you've observed each outcome in the sample space?
Testing whether two regression coefficients are significantly different
How to estimate variance components with lmer for models with random effects and compare them with lme results
Posterior probability vs. Viterbi algorithm
What should I do while designing stratified cluster randomized sampling survey if cluster size is large/smaller than I expect?
How to estimate the accuracy of an integral?
If you use a point estimate that maximizes $P(x | \theta)$, what does that say about your philosophy? (frequentist or Bayesian or something else?)
Drawing a random sample using a random number table
Creating a variogram for geographical data
How to compare two samples on 25 variables, each designed to measure one of three underlying constructs?
Can I estimate the parameter of a Poisson arrival process from a low-incidence observation period?
Likert scale question divided into different group. How to calculate mean of different group?
Asynchronous (irregular) Time Series Analysis
What is a lift chart?
p-value adjustment via permutation for multiple correlations
How to simulate Signal-Noise Ratio?
Help with the Ljung-Box test for time independence of residuals
Solving simultaneous linear equations with R
Identifying differences among calibration curves: ANCOVA?
Logistic regression residual analysis
How are Taguchi orthogonal arrays derived?
About sample mean and the mean of various samples
Does the variance of a sum equal the sum of the variances?
Cross-validation and weights with glmnet
Variance estimates in k-fold cross-validation
Following up a three-way interaction found with (mixed) model comparison
Am I using the wrong statistical test?
Can I use a measure when it has low reliability?
Analysing choices pattern
How can I compute a repeated measurement ANOVA with a mixed model?
ARIMA modeling with non-stationary daily data, at what lag do I difference the series?
Why do I get wildly different results for poly(raw=T) vs. poly()?
Using days and months as levels in hierarchy
Model for survival data with an additional response
What are the potential functions of the cliques in Markov random field?
How to compare loess models from related datasets?
Use of post-hoc tests - do these require an ANOVA to be performed first?
Estimating the number of times each of four pairs of dice was thrown
Interpreting online sample size stat tool in order to (gain) confidence intervals
Does it matter how you pull marbles out of this vat?
How can I measure model performance with weighted logistic regression?
Whether to stratify or do a simple random sampling from a set of papers to be compared?
What is the reason that a likelihood function is not a pdf?
How to fit a time series model for a large dataset?
AIC with Mantel's tests
What impact does increasing the training data have on the overall system accuracy?
What is bias correction?
Absolute error loss minimization
Does a regression tree strictly dominate OLS in prediction?
Does efficiency imply unbiased and consistency?
Information theoretic central limit theorem
What is the difference between linearly dependent and linearly correlated?
How can I check if my time series data is zero mean, stationary and independent identically distributed?
Expected number of failures preceding the first success
Drawing balls with two features
Hierarchical multinomial logit with R/JAGS
Distance threshold for clustering
What is the role of MDS in modern statistics?
Regarding kernel-based naive Bayesian classifier
Factor analysis for ordinal variables that have different categories
How do I predict performance for individuals who haven't taken any courses yet?
PLINK meta-analysis method
Whether to use multinomial logistic regression with a three-category outcome variable and many binary predictors?
Dealing with 0,1 values in a beta regression
Using Bayesian model diagrams to present both model description and results (posteriors)?
Is there any problem which can be solved only by fuzzy theory but not by statistics?  
Optimal winsorizing cutoff for stratified proportional to size sampling
Imputation of a censored variable
Testing periodogram peaks: sine-like wave or AR/MA/ARMA noise?
GWAS and Statistical theory - does the likelihood of a detectable main effect decrease with complexity?
How should one interpret the comparison of means from different sample sizes?
Find most likely fit for subgroup size and average density from product and supergroup size
Parameter estimation for the sum of two Independent (not necessarily i.d.) Gamma RVs
How to test whether the trend line between two time periods significantly differ?
What is an appropriate classification method for analysis of down-hole geophysical data?
Comparing Pareto fitting methods
Simple random walk and sudden drift, how to detect the change?
Time Series Decomposition : Box Cox for Additive Decomp
How to combine values based on standard errors?
Some questions about two-sample comparisons
How can I improve sentiment analysis of user comments?
Linear discriminant analysis and Bayes rule
LDA with a categorical predictor variable
How can I compare cancer counts by race for 4 types of cancer
Time series analysis on login data to forecast CPU demand using R
Which statistical method to use: Kruskal-Wallis, one-way ANOVA, or another?
Mixture distributions moments if one distribution has undefined/infinite moments
Evaluation of groups of parameters across multiple data sets in logistic regression
Is it necessary to detrend and decycle time-series data when using machine learning methods?
How do you calculate the likelihood ratio test statistic in this problem?
Multiplicity in sample size calculation for stratified estimation problem
How can I use standard deviation/SEM to assess the appropriateness of replacing missing values with the mean?
Size of cluster as a predictor in a glmm
Predictions using glmnet in R
Rao-Cramér inequality
How to interpret the results of the R pnorm and analogous functions?
Minimum sample size to achieve a specific confidence level and interval
What test should be used to compare several regression lines?
AUC vs error rate for classification
Is there a software package designed to automatically check the assumptions of various statistical tests? 
Can you use discriminant analysis to classify new observations into categories generated by a previous $k$-means clustering?
What is the difference between wilcox.test and wilcox_test in R
What to do when there are too many variables?
How should I analyze data on birth intervals of women?
Interaction Terms and Logit Models
How to determine percentiles/quantiles in SPSS?
Approximate multidimensional sequences
Clustering as a means of splitting up data for logistic regression
Calculating the confidence interval for simple linear regression coefficient estimates
Is a multigroup confirmatory factor analysis appropriate for comparing the measurement model across two groups?
Is the observed allele frequency significantly less than the predicted?
How to interpret the confidence interval of a variance F-test using R?
Confusing regarding when to use $z$-statistics vs. $t$-statistics
What is the relationship between regression and linear discriminant analysis?
How exactly do neural network and support vector machine methods reduce dimensionality?
Is it correct to compute LR stat after maximising likelihood with bounds?
Is is correct to compare t-statistics of different pairs of cointegrated timeseries?
How to establish relationships using box plots?
Forecasting hierarchical time series R package
Modeling a Poisson process with 10000 events per minute
How can you relate the coefficients of a multivariate regression of ${\bf Y} \sim {\bf X}$ to the coefficients of ${\bf X} \sim {\bf Y}$?
Identifying the population and samples in a study
Help me understand $p$-values in Bayesian glm
What exactly is the wid argument in the ezANOVA function in the R package ez?
Why does the $\alpha$ parameter grow to $\infty$ in Pareto-distributed random numbers when changing the threshold?
Plotting gam model output - not component smooth functions
Significance of transfer entropy calculations
Does the 'fit' attribute of a gbm object contain the OOB estimates? 
Correlating variables with eigenvalues in principal components analysis
New revolutionary way of data mining?
Comparing means between two groups over three time points
What are the characteristics for a problem to be statistical?
How should I analyze this design with no replication?
How do I account for silent states in decoding/evaluating hidden Markov models?
How to estimate a multiple regression function that has interactions between the independent variables and is potentially non-linear?
What is bias in aerosol data?
What is a full conditional probability?
How to get prediction for a specific variable in WinBUGS?
Is there a software package to fit grouped (aggregated) logistic panel regression models?
Getting past independence assumptions in modeling the sum of random variables (application in education)
Repeated measures within and between conditions
How to display my data in a visually pleasing way?
Estimating the quantiles of a latent variable
How to obtain the results of a Tukey HSD post-hoc test in a table showing grouped pairs?
Standard error of a count
How to check whether maximum likelihood estimation optimizer has converged in R?
Modelling both mean and dispersion of count data
What test is appropriate for this binned data?
Is there an R function that will compute the cosine dissimilarity matrix? 
How to construct an optimally balanced reference corpus for text categorization?
Questions about how random effects are specified in lmer
Computing confidence intervals for non-independent data
What hypothesis test should I use to test for equal success probabilities in paired binary data? 
VGAM checkwz errors
What is the optimal $k$ for the $k$ nearest neighbour classifier on the Iris dataset?
What is a stationary Gaussian field?
Calculating $R^2$ when one variable can only take integer values
What are some common measures of variation in an interval?
Origin of 5$\sigma$ threshold for accepting evidence in particle physics?
Logistic regression weights of uncorrelated predictors
How do I compare the accuracy of two measurement devices when one of them is the reference?
Graphing a Probability Curve for a Logit Model With Multiple Predictors
Is Amazon's average rating misleading?
Coding Don't know in Stata
Is it mathematically justifiable to log transform variables before running an ANOVA? 
Is sample homogeneity an assumption of regression analysis?
Autocorrelation from multiple time series samples
Recover data after PCA
Cross validation and prediction for unknown data
Type II anova with poly contrasts matrix
Comparing the difference between two ranks
Some questions about VAR-models, $\Phi$-matrix-coefficients and partial-(auto-)correlations
Is the overlap between two gene expression samples significant?
Do inputs to a Neural Network need to be in [-1,1]? 
Problem with multiple group CFA with censored variables using Mplus
Confusion regarding random walk model
Basic Multivariate Regression Analysis with R
Meaning of 2.04 standard errors? Significantly different means when confidence intervals widely overlap?
Contradicting p-values for Anova and Kruskal-Wallis on same data: Which is right?
How can I align/synchronize two signals? 
Differentiating correlation and causation using conditional probablity
Correlation analysis and correcting p-values for multiple testing II
Experimental design for testing changes in categorical outcomes
Data-transformation of data with some values = 0
Modeling a spatial trend by regression with the $(x,y)$ coordinates as predictors
Under what conditions can a PLS regression model be expressed by single linear equation?
What is the connection between credible regions and Bayesian hypothesis tests?
Solution for error message in minitab
Exponentiate a quadratic form, which MVN?
Event classification in Higgs' Boson discovery
How to test the statistical significance for categorical variable in linear regression?
Kurtosis/4th central moment in terms of mean and variance
Confusion regarding CRF
Sample size to tell if more than X% of the population can do <thing>
How to do goodness-of-fit and residual diagnosis for rlm in R?
Confusion regarding dynamic programming in CRF paper
Logistic regression for multiclass
PCA components changing over time
Impact of regression normality-assumption on model comparison & prediction?
Dealing with a large number of predictors in Logistic Regression
Gradient descent and elastic-net logistic regression
Scatterplot with contour/heat overlay
Proof for principal component score
Probability Curve from logit model
How is approximately unbiased bootstrap better than a regular bootstrap with regards to hierarchical clustering?
Finding a comparable Control group for a treatment group?
What is the difference between the forward-backward and Viterbi algorithms?
How to test/prove data is zero inflated?
Finding improvement of a test population
How defensible is it to choose $\lambda$ in a LASSO model so that it yields the number of nonzero predictors one desires?
An event-log data-set for evaluating a filtering system?
What to do when the means of two samples are significantly different but the difference seems too small to matter
How do I cluster data where some observation can not be in the same cluster?
Independence of variables and ANOVA
Is it okay to compare fitted distributions with the AIC?
Analyse within-subject data as between-subject data
Generate three correlated uniformly random variables
Is there a (parametric) distribution over sparse symmetric, binary matrix-valued random variables?
How to handle both text and numbers for PCA in R?
Modern and practical methods for forecasting time series cross section data 
Hilbert spaces and time series
Procedure for variable selection + logistic regression when n is small, p is large, and data are unbalanced?
Problems with a simulation study of the repeated experiments explanation of a 95% confidence interval - where am I going wrong?
K - means cluster always landing right on top of whole dataset mean
Online reference for review of introductory statistics material
How to calculate group statistics in R
Does the non-normality matter in using regression for prediction?
Binary classifier - dividing dataset into training and evaluation sets
Why is regression about variance?
Maximum likelihood estimation in a Poisson model for football (soccer) scores
Dealing with high dimension in principal component analysis
How to estimate loyalty to service?
How to model market share or a fraction of anything that sums to 100%?
What is a good textbook on statistical genetics for someone without a lot of biology background?
Coefficients change signs
Which test to use for comparing changes in computer source code?
AR1 Modelling using dlmModReg
Fully Bayesian vs Bayesian
How can I estimate the likelihood of being in a traffic accident on the US101 by day of week and time of day?
Recovering raw coefficients and variances from orthogonal polynomial regression
Bayesian vs frequentist Interpretations of Probability
How to find probability with multiple pieces of evidence?
Inductive vs deductive Inference
Why does my naive Bayes classifier only give me probabilities near 0?
Detecting Clusters of similar source codes
Evaluation of classifier using ROC curve in the presence of rare events
Choose among poststratification/calibration weights
What is the effect of merging categories on logistic regression estimates?
What's the forward stagewise regression algorithm?
Fuzzy K-means - Cluster Sizes
What is percentage of variance in PCA?
Likelihood for Poisson data
Is it OK to fit random effects before fixed effects?
Should EFA be repeated after deletion of items with low factor loadings?
Is it possible to visualize my data set in Excel?
validity coefficient & $\rho$
How can I assess the effect of several categorical predictors on an outcome variable? 
Are there references for plotting binary time series?
Analysing data from non-equivalent groups in a quasi-experimental design
Difference between SOM and Hopfield
BIC or AIC to determine the optimal number of clusters in a scale-free graph?
Maximum Likelihood Estimation of Inverse Gamma Distribution in R or RPy
About correlation of ordinal variables having different number of categories and about correlation of mixed type of variables
How to get p-value for indirectly generated random variables?
Sales prediction of Amazon Sales Rank
What is the most efficient way of training data using least memory?
How does one build/find a mathematical model for a convex relationship?
Meaning of return period on extreme events
How does thin setting affect the number of samples in WinBUGS?
Looking for a step through an example of a factor analysis on dichotomous data (binary variables) using R
How to best represent median proportions using stacked bar charts?
What is the advantage of median polish over the median?
How to combine features extracted by PCA, LDA and LBP?
How does a generalized linear mixed model estimate means and how does this differ from calculating means by hand?
Correlate registered voters with local election results
Does Loopy BP give the same solutions as a Gibbs sampler?
Based on factor loadings (in factor analysis) can we give unequal weights to Likert scale items?
How do you calculate the expected value of $e^{-X}$?
Cluster clickstream data
Evidence on red-purple-blue graphs
Difference between a census and a sample
Probability distribution of income
Definition and origin of “cross entropy”
What will be/how do I estimate US household income in 2020?
Non-parametric repeated measures ANOVA
Whether to assume nominal variables are ordinal when computing distance measurement for mixed?
What's the difference between mathematical statistics and statistics?
Which statistical method should I use to prove significant difference for my picture? 
How to adjust for group size when analyzing interactions among group members?
What is the mathematical model formula corresponding to this gam model fit in R?
Seeking a real illustration of Fisher's quote about DoE
Parameters’ uncertainty for small sample size
Bonferroni correction in generalised linear model
What can you do when you have predictor variables that are based on group averages with different sample sizes?
Efficient Portfolio Optimization Through Simulation
Checking Poisson distribution plot using mean and variance relationship?
When to use B'' or B''D as a measure of response bias?
Why the introduction of a random slope effect enlarged the slope's SE?
Unidentified variables in multinomial model
Multilabel logistic regression
Probability density function between -1 and 1?
Prerequisite for Introduction to Statistical Thought
When can we add a statistical touch to least square optimization problems?
Follow-up updates in case-cohort designs
Zero-inflated Poisson regression
Are randomForest variable importance values comparable across same variables on different dates?
Primitive length measurements
Sheppard's correction
What are the standard statistical tests to see if data follows exponential or normal distributions?
Derivation of a the log-likelihood for a regression model where the outcome is a mixture between Poisson and a point mass at zero
Automated procedure for selecting subset of data points w/ strongest correlation?
Wilcoxon test in boot() function
Fishy significance test: Am I doing something wrong with ANOVAs?
Confidence interval and probability - where is the error in this statement?
Is it 'legal' to publish a meta-analysis online?
Linear model overfitting  due to too many covariates
How to draw mean, median and mode lines in R that end at density?
How should I interpret the interaction term in a Cox proportional hazards model?
Combine MultiClassClassifier and MetaCost in WEKA and make cost matrices for each binary classifier
Is it valid to compare p-values from test statistics with different DF?
Which distributions have closed-form solutions for maximum likelihood estimation?
PCA of non-Gaussian data
Fitting distributions and comparing tails
Open source data mining package comparsion
How to make Random Forests more interpretable?
How to sample from the prior predictive distribution in jags?
SVD of correlated matrix should be additive but doesn't appear to be
How to compare first to second half of measurements in a counterbalanced behavioral experiment?
How do you use the EM algorithm to calculate MLEs for a latent variable formulation of a zero inflated Poisson model?
Derivation of equations in kriging
Creating censored DV for survival analysis (in long form)
ROC vs Accuracy
Contraindication for STL decompostion
Interpretation of mixed model coefficients
Normalizing 3D position data
Bias in classifier model selection
How to evaluate a multivariate gaussian condition
Resources or methods for determining if a technique is in current use?
How important is it to transform variable for Cox Proportional Hazards?
How can I generate data with a prespecified correlation matrix?
PCA objective function
Quantify influence in ANOVA
How to combine several time series into a useful average time series?
How to impute an ordinal variable with MICE but prevent it from taking one value?
Datasets for testing source code authorship attribution
If $X$ has a log-normal distribution, does $X-c$ also have a log-normal distribution?
Within-class covariance matrix
How to interpret these custom contrasts?
What are $\ell_p$ norms and how are they relevant to regularization?
Understanding basic identifiability
rb-libsvm - getting confidence of a prediction
Why compare sum of squares with ANOVA (and not mean)?
Pre, Post, and Change predictors all in the same model
Pool samples which look too different?
How to graphically reveal data structures?
How to test for differences in binary score data?
Distribution of a normalized inverse Wishart times Gaussian
How to go about selecting an algorithm for approximate Bayesian inference
What's the probability a rabbit will return to a (certain) forest?
Correlation plots with missing values
How to normalize two time series for comparison?
Correcting sample bias
Cox proportional hazard model and interpretation of coefficients when higher case interaction is involved
Multivariate analysis and PCA
Looking for appropriate time series econometrics materials, with Stata examples
Reference on factor analysis with categorical variables
Simulating time-series given power and cross spectral densities
What can go wrong if I include two categorical variables and intercept in linear regression?
Time intervals for modeling
How to perform 1-to-1 matching when there are more treated than control subjects?
Implementing ridge regression: Selecting an intelligent grid for $\lambda$?
How to model stocks of a warehouse time series?
Effect Size/Mean Squared Error from Linear Mixed-Model in R
Is there a standard notation for nested factors?
Variance of exponential distribution when changing units
Is it acceptable to rotate factors with PCA for binary data?
Assumptions of GAM
Can I compute a confidence level for a z-test based on the size of the samples?
Possible range of $R^2$
Language modeling: why is adding up to 1 so important?
How to account for aggregation over subjects in meta-analysis?
Why is clutter problem intractable for large sample sizes?
Gamma distribution and Cramér-Rao bound
Assumptions of generalised linear model
Does the stepwisefit function in MATLAB handle correlation between the factors?
How to visualize two bar charts with very different scales without looking redundant
If $X \sim \mathrm{Gamma}(\alpha,1)$ and $Y \sim \mathrm{Gamma}(\beta,1)$, is $X/(X+Y) \sim \mathrm{Beta}(\alpha,\beta)$?
How to measure the number of people in a picture of a crowd?
Regression $R^2$ and correlations
Difference between superpopulation and infinite population
How to test equality of variances with circular data
Calculating entropy of a binary matrix
Relevancy of order statistics to the roll-and-keep dice mechanic?
Topic models and word co-occurrence methods
Controlling for a variable in a GEE using SPSS
Treatment of outliers in annual time series data
ARIMA and linear regression
How to cope with multicollinearity and interactions between IVs in generalized linear models?
Adjustment for missing values of the categorical variables in a data set
Difference between standard error and standard deviation
Factor scores vs. construct mean scores in regression analysis
Uncertainty and sensitivity analysis
Different approaches of linear discriminant analysis
Good summaries (reviews, books) on various applications of Markov chain Monte Carlo (MCMC)?
The organization as a unit of analysis and sampling issue
Distinguishing statistical (global) and network (local) effects
Compute p-value in paired bootstrap
Inferring from a combination of uncertain and certain data
Can I use a Z-score with skewed and non-normal data?
Most appropriate way to make a time series stationary? (i.e. remove serial correlation?)
Calculating induced covariances
What PDF should be fit to a rank histogram?
Variable analysis in multiple linear regression
What if your random sample is clearly not representative?
Conditionalising increases expected information?
Effect of mediating variable independent of effect of possible covariate
Is 0 a valid value in a Likert scale?
Textbooks with problem sets to prepare for predictive analytics masters
binary logistic regression analysis (method=ENTER) model has all beta values are statistically non-significant
Optimal number of components in a Gaussian mixture
Motifs for prediction
How is Poisson distribution different to normal distribution?
What are my options for estimating probabilities of success/failure?
How to avoid overfitting when using crossvalidation within Genetic Algorithms
Hypergeometric card question
Estimation accuracy of precision matrix
Difference between generalized linear models & generalized linear mixed models in SPSS
Estimated Treatment Effect in the full sample is not between the estimates of the stratified samples?
How to model sample change?
Estimating prediction error
Gaussian process : function approximation properties
Two unbiased estimators for the same quantity
Simulate data for path model
How to test whether button pressing behaviour is random or is in response to a stimulus?
Supervised approaches vs. topic models in sentiment analysis
Wilcoxon-Mann-Whitney critical values in R
How to find similarities between time series?
Computing (lagged) correlations (or similar) between multiple time-series from a VECM or its levels-VARM
How can I generate a plot similar to that produced by plot.bugs and plot.jags from an mcmc.list?
Pointers to understand rlm in R better?
How does the correlation coefficient differ from regression slope?
How can you handle unstable $\beta$ estimates in linear regression with high multi-collinearity without throwing out variables?
Collapsing (combining) two variables into one for analysis
How to compute the area between two graphs?
Can I use a variable which has a non-linear relationship to the dependent variable in logistic regression?
How to reduce number of items using factor analysis, internal consistency, and item response theory in conjunction?
Standard deviation in SERVQUAL
How to interpret coefficients in a vector autoregressive model?
Is it valid to apply a t-test on scores obtained by cross validation?
HMM ever better than CRF?
Interpreting definition of stable distributions
Where can I find online notes about statistical process control?
Estimating the variance of a bootstrap aggregator performance?
PCA with all categorical factors prior a regression with a continuous response
How does rlm in R decide its w weights?
Simple Multivariate Regression with Octave
Interpreting odds ratios with log-transformed continuous variables in a logistic regression
Using AIC to distinguish between models using multiple datasets
Large non-significant effect in a generalized linear mixed model
How important is using the exact method for ties in a Cox model, and how long should this take?
Sequence mining in univariate discrete data using R
Why are random effects shrunk towards 0?
Best statistical test for a particular biological experiment
How to perform regression on panel-data with timelag in SPSS / PASW?
Optimal estimation of a mean from non-independent data
How to fit a model for a time series that contains outliers
r sequence recognition for univariate data sequence mining
Trend test for two ordinal variables both containing three factors
Bootstrapping and comparing multiple proportions
PRESS statistic for ridge regression
Two-sample test of proportions
Limiting distributions identified as functions of Brownian motion or stochastic integrals
How to visualize an enormous sparse contingency table?
Dealing with a categorical variable that can take multiple levels simultaneously
Kernel density estimation with an Epanechnikov kernel in MATLAB
Generalized estimating equations output in SPSS
Advice needed on cross-sectional time-series with two levels
Computing the fitted value for the first observation in a time series
Convergence sensitive to choice of baseline category?
Calculation of MA model in R
GEE with exchangeable working covariance  vs. assuming independence and using Huber-White standard errors?
Singularity issues in multinomial model using R
Variance of resistors in parallel
Baum-Welch training example
How to combine different feature values to build a score for ranking
What is the difference between coefficient of determination and mean squared error?
Testing the significance of multiple variables in a data set
In what order should you do linear regression diagnostics?
Probability of two values being equal in a sample drawn from a continuous distribution
What is data blending?
Including missing words when applying Naive Bayes in document classification
Sampling from graphical model
How do I test for lower variability induced by systematic missings?
Dividing a uniform by a normal random variable: What's the distribution?
Performance comparison between reduction techniques
PCA vs ridge regression for multicollinearity?
Difference time series before Arima or within Arima
Gamma-normal distribution as prior
Is there an R package for constrained regression that has both a formula and predict interface similar to that of lm() and glm()? 
Post-hoc analysis on Friedman's test
Method to compare 2 models of different years (not by a dummy variable)
Some of my predictors are on very different scales - do I need to transform them before fitting a linear regression model?
Proportions of different types of nuts in bags of mixed nuts
How to interpret inconsistent Beta values in different steps of hierarchical regression analysis?
R package TSA: how to interpret the IO coefficients output of the arimax function
Variance of X/Y
Jointly stationary random process
Question about calculating mutual information
Chi^2 test for 2x2-contingency table using probabilities instead of count data
Mutual information in a mixture of independent variables
VSS criterion for the number of factors (in R's psych package)
Generation of random numbers from the multivariate normal distribution in spherical coordinates
What is the correct way to determine the amount of difference between two proportions?
Repeated measures ANOVA
What could directional mean be in this context?
Ridge and LASSO given a covariance structure?
Spatio-temporal version of Hammersley and Clifford theorem
Use ARIMA equation outside R
Taylor Series and Multivariate Delta Method
Next steps after performing a principal component analysis?
Central moments of a gaussian mixture density?
Comparing observed data to simulated data?
How to interpret an insignificant main effect that became significant at the presence of interaction effects in moderated regression analysis?
Resources for learning how to implement ensemble methods
How can you convert Bayesian Information Criterion parameters to a probabilistic interpretation?
Existence of the moment generating function and variance
Finding the correct data mining approach
Question on the appropriate way to calculate the CDF of a volatile measure
Estimation After Selection on Non-central F Random Variables
Predictive models with large numbers of missing values in the features
Normality of residuals in a regression model with a categorical IV
How to include an interaction term in GAM?
How to reconstruct database from cross-tabulated data?
Non-Correlated errors from Generalized Least Square model (GLS)
How to apply published factor analysis loadings to sample data to compute factor scores?
Performing multiple linear regressions, in Excel, that have a common x-intercept?
Auto.arima vs autobox do they differ?
Why do we need sparsity for auto-encoders?
Proving the convergence of KDE algorithms when the samples are non-i.i.d 
Validity of pseudo-panel data constructed from repeated cross sectional data as a panel data
Making new variable instead of correcting for temporal autocorrelation in a GLMM. Is it a valid alternative?
How to compute the generalization error (test error) in a multivariate regression?
Dealing with project uncertainties: is the sum of the most-likely estimates equal to the sum of the expected times?
Difference between exploratory and confirmatory factor analysis in determining construct independence
How can I use the value of $R^2$ to test the linearity assumption in multiple regression analysis?
When do I need a model?
Are first passage times in a Brownian motion the same as the ARL in a CUSUM?
Mediation with no significant mediators?
One-way repeated measures ANOVA and missing data
Deviation from sampling plan
Are truncated numbers from a random number generator still 'random'?
How to interpret relatively good -2LL value & Nagelkerke $R ^2$ without any significant IVs
Regression to obtain autocorrelation measure (AR(1))
How can I compare the effect of an pre-post intervention between two groups with multiple numeric dependent variables?
What summary statistics to use with categorical or qualitative variables?
Posterior distribution for multinomial parameter
Estimating the parameters of a beta distribution with zeroes and ones in the sample
Which model should I use for Cox proportional hazards with paired data?
How to calculate precision and recall when some of the test data remains unclassified
How to minimize residual sum of squares of an exponential fit?
How should I analyze data with repeated measures variables and integer between-subject factors?
PCA and random forests
Suggestions on how to merge multiple datasets with an imperfect ID across databases?
Eigen-vectors and skewness
Will logistic regression fit this situation?
How to interpret a post hoc Tukey's test?
R Formula that only uses a subset of a factor
If I'm calculating FDR or q-value for a collection of linear models, should each term be considered separately?
Non-normal and heterogeneous data with repeated measures ANOVA
Can a percentage be used to calculate the mean etc. in a t-test?
Specifying uncorrelated random effects for orthogonal polynomial codes
Independence test with some aggregation
What type of time series model would be good?
Best way to combine binary and continuous response
How does a multivariate mixed CDF look like?
Trending algorithm for performance monitoring
Calculating primary groups
Support vector machine for text classification
Random forests for multivariate regression
Estimating HMM parameters from a sequence with missing observations
On ARIMA and its implementation
Can p values be used to show impact of treatment
Generate two correlated ARMA(1,1) processes
Balanced repeated measures design
Why don't the results of testing $H_0 : \beta = 0$ and $H_0 : {\rm cor}(X,Y)=0$ agree? 
Do components of PCA really represent percentage of variance? Can they sum to more than 100%?
What is the state-of-the-art regarding sampling from discrete distribution?
How to estimate the covariance matrix for repeated measures data given summary statistics?
Removing outliers from newspaper content analysis
How to analyze factors that have missing by design values for certain observations?
Which statistical analysis should I use for this experiment?
Can I use a one way ANOVA with multiple categoricals as a response variable? 
Filtering techniques and noise
How to perform k-means clustering with only a distance function, not euclidean points?
Sparsity by discarding least squares' coefficient
Examples of Lurking Variable and Influential Observation
Behrens–Fisher problem
Preprocessing of non-linear and censored variables
Collinearity problems when analyzing age-dependent variable with age-at-death as a predictor
Testing normality assumptions for linear mixed models and mixed (repeated) GLM ANOVA in SPSS
Using kriging with very sparse data
Advantage of kernel density estimation over parametric estimation
Interpreting logistic regression
Hyper-parameter optimization via random search
Strange definition of RSS for elastic net in scikit-learn (Python)
Increase sample size for significant correlation
How to calculate with tiny probabilities and large samples?
Getting the next observation from a HMM gaussian mixture distribution
How to model a biased coin with time varying bias?
What are R-structure G-structure in a glmm?
Adaptive stopping rule for spatially autocorrelated Poisson data
How can I get the effect associated with a $k$-unit increase in the predictor in logistic regression?
How to find 1-year population average with intermittent series data
Finding a linear relationship without linear model
What test can I use to compare slopes from two or more regression models?
Difference between MANOVA post-hoc tests of between subjects effects and between subjects one-way ANOVA?
Empirical p-values in pathway analysis
Partialling out first factor from factor analysis
What are U-type statistics?
Measures of residuals heteroscedasticity
How to measure smoothness of a time series in Excel?
Fitting log-normal distribution in R vs. SciPy
Do these residual plots indicate that my least squares regression coefficient estimates may be biased? 
LDA vs. labeled LDA
Building a mixed model for multi-location split plot over 2 years in SAS
Removing an interaction term after checking for homogeneity of regression slopes
The most common extracted features for image recognition
Is there any way to fit an exponential model with a discrete predictor in R?
Gaussian Ratio Distribution: Derivatives wrt underlying $\mu$'s and $\sigma^2$s
Incorporating a response variable in principal component analysis
Interpreting odds ratios
CDF of conditional distribution
Testing for moderation with continuous vs. categorical moderators
Does the principle of indifference apply to the Borel-Kolmogorov paradox?
Estimation the standard error of correlated (binomial) variables
Build a covariance matrix for GAM
Proportional hazard ratio formula in R
On cophenetic correlation for dendrogram clustering
Dimension reduction techniques for very small sample sizes
Classification with GBM in R and imbalanced class sizes
Incremental hierarchical clustering
Data has two trends; how to extract independent trendlines?
How to deal with a mix of binary and continuous inputs in neural networks?
Aggregating all measurements per x-value in least-square fitting
Correlation coefficient contradicts t-test
Assumptions for Spearman's rho test for correlation
Multiple imputation questions for multiple regression in SPSS
Predicting response propensity in a rolling data collection
Default priors for mixtures
SVD of a matrix with missing values
Combining different accuracies
Predicting the impact of increased seminar frequency
Testing interaction b/t group & longitudinal change for only part of the age range
What's the distribution of these data?
Kolmogorov-Smirnov Test Alternatives
Comparing coefficients between two linear regressions: justifying insignificant difference when the predictor is significant only in one group
How to carry out repeated time-to-event analysis in SPSS?
What is the conventional definition of recurrence-free survival?
Differences between poisson.test and E-test when testing Poisson parameters
How to define the termination condition for gradient descent?
How to statistically test whether there is any nesting effect in the data?
What happens when you apply SVD to a collaborative filtering problem? What is the difference between the two?
What do Lift and Gain Charts state in the context of an employee turnover model
Adding 2nd level variable into Multi-level Modelling in R
Error propagation from fit parameters
How to correctly weight predicted values from a fitted linear model?
Which test to choose when the results from t-test and Wilcoxon test are different?
When is a covariance `degenerate in some direction`?
Alternative to SAS Enterprise Guide
Strange pattern of residuals
Selecting link function in GEE with binary dependent variable
How to compare the results of two benchmarks?
Understanding the intercept value in a multiple linear regression with categorical values
Bonferroni correction with Pearson's correlation and linear regression
Hybrid (K-means + Hierarchical ) clustering
Multi-factor model for a quantitative response variable
Using AIC, for model selection when both models are equally weighted, and one model has fewer parameters
How do I see if the distributions of two variables are overlapping in SPSS?
Difference between naive Bayes & multinomial naive Bayes
How can I represent R squared in matrix form?
Can I mix different data transformations in the same model?
Advanced statistics books recommendation
How can I test for within-subject consistency across repeated measures?
Confidence intervals on plots with correlated error bars?
Market / Customer Segmentation - Merging two different segmentations
How do you interpret a changepoint graph?
How to update a dynamic language model dataset?
Are sample means for quantiles of sorted data unbiased estimators of the true means?
Estimating ratios of quantile means for sorted data
Determining sample size
Why does this excerpt say that unbiased estimation of standard deviation usually isn't relevant?
How to explain significant correlation between independent and dependent variable but non significant regression test in the presence of mediation?
Sample size determination
Interpretation of reference category in logistic regression
Problem on interpretation of data
Mixed model in R with paired design and covariates
How to calculate the interaction standard error of a linear regression model in R?
What are the possible multiple comparison methods for paired data?
Checking assumptions of regression - homogeneity of variance
MCMC to handle flat likelihood issues
How to write a poker player using Bayes networks
Custom power analysis in R
Standard measure of clumpiness?
How to compute the optimal ridge regression model
What are speed differences beetwen ML implementations in different languages?
Logistic regression with an log transformed variable, how to determine economic significance
Determining sample size necessary for bootstrap method / Proposed Method
What is the standard deviation of a gaussian filter?
Connection between sum of normally distributed random variables and mixture of normal distributions
What is the difference between Informative (IVM) and Relevance (RVM) vector machines
Non-parametric alternative to linear regressions in R
Can I say a logarithmic difference is log-constant?
Optimal software package for bayesian analysis
Pairwise comparisons in accordance with regression fit
Quantify volatility on a time series data
Ridging a singular covariance matrix (SEM)
Confidence interval for gam model
Using minimum description length for a categorical distribution
How are absolute risks estimated by the cox model?
Unique variance with regression analysis
Is this an unbiased estimator for standard deviation of normal distribution?
Finding correlation between two distributions
95% confidence ellipse of Lenth's maximum likelihood estimation
What are the options in proportional hazard regression model when Schoenfeld residuals are not good?
When are two normally distributed random variables jointly bivariate normal?
Studentized bootstrap confidence interval for variance of OLS error terms
Does the Tukey HSD test correct for multiple comparisons?
Introduction to applied probability for pure mathematicians?
What is Shannon's source entropy?
Estimating the influence of different features on the outcome
Unit root tests for panel data in R
Correlation between first and third variable, given correlations with second
Centering constraints in MGCV GAM
Can I use a difference score as my outcome variable (pre-post change) in a moderated multiple regression equation?
Is it necessary to log transform positively skewed DV’s even though I am using bootstrapping?
Discriminant analysis with random effects
Comparing the means of two time series
Comparing model fit with heteroscedastic data
How to set up data for Bradley-Terry model in R?
How do I calculate a confidence interval for the mean of a log-normal data set?
Independent categorical variables and multiple regression with numeric dependent variables
Running logistic regression on a sales data
Improving transformation of dependent variable and robust regression
Are support vector regression and kernel ridge regression used for the same type of problems?
phantom NA/NaN/Inf in foreign function call (or something altogether different?)
Checking for a statistically significant peak
te( ) interactions and AIC model selection with GAM in R
How to choose the distribution and parameters for continuous probability density functions in naive Bayes using maximum likelihood?
Alternatives to MAP estimator
Continuous dependent variable with ordinal independent variable
ROC curve for knn model
How do I complete the square with normal likelihood and normal prior?
Repeated measurements with missing values
How to determine whether a classifier like adaboost is weak?
Should I scale data for a regression tree, when the determinant covers a large range?
How to verify linearity assumption in linear regression with categorical predictors?
Dispersion parameter in GLM output
Linear regression prediction interval
Do Bayesians ever argue there are cases in which their approach generalizes/overlaps with the frequentist approach?
Is it true that in high dimensions, data is easier to separate linearly?
Dependent variable maximum value contingent on independent variable
Deployment process for Classification models (i.e. decision trees)
Include interaction regressors separately?
How is it possible to turn out with a highly accurate prediction when all records were classified the same way?
Computation of hypergeometric function in R
Comparing and contrasting, p-values, significance levels and type I error
How to do a repeated measures analysis with binary DVs and a single binary IV?
What is the physical meaning of the probability density function and cumulative distribution function?
Which probabilites are to be supplied to rcorr.cens and improveProb in package Hmisc?
Data cleansing in regression analysis
Is the sample variance a useful measure for non-normal data?
MANOVA with repeated measures in R, error
Implementing ANCOVA via residuals
R/Bayes: Why is a wildly different prior not affecting the posterior in bayesglm{arm}?
Where can I find datasets usefull for testing my own Machine Learning implementations?
What is the correct SD to use to get a 95% CI for skewed data?
$\chi^2$ tests to compare the fit of large samples logistic models
Fitting the tails of the distribution
Homogeneity of variance in regression
Predicting values for a Naive Bayes in R
Distribution of a centered standardized sample
Details regarding the delete-a-group jackknife
Why does the model change when using relevel?
Pairwise Mahalanobis distance in R
Distribution from which to sample integers evenly between 1 and 1000?
Are robust methods really any better?
Normalization across columns in linear regression
Are the products of different independent random variables independent?
Statistical intuition/data sense
What mechanisms generate the emergence of particular structures in networks
Fuzzy C-means and its stages of clustering
Which test should be run on this confusion table data?
Why use logged variables?
Diagnostic plots for lmer
Find residual sum of squares
Сonfidence interval of histogram probability density function estimator
How does the standard error work?
Probability of detection and false alarm ratio are wrong in a simple example, don't know why
How to tell how extreme an outlier is?
Computing a p-value using bootstrap
SAS for regression with categorical and quantitative explanatory variables
Is there a standard process for finding linear relationships with matching?
Find probability and expectation
Non-repeated measures ANOVA of time series with different subjects per treatment in R?
Choose best model between logit, probit and nls
Smoothing constant in single exponential smoothing
Is Joel Spolsky's Hunting of the Snark post valid statistical content analysis?
Calculating and comparing histograms of complex numbers
Combining correlated measurements - negative weights
How can I pool posterior means and credible intervals after multiple imputation?
How to quantify variation within one experiment?
Data scientist: How to begin?
Considering residuals as new dependent variables after applying a linear mixed effect model to a set of data
Schoenfeld residuals
'Fixing' PearsonFitML to fit to a Pearson V distribution
Outlier detection for heavy-tailed data
Computationally efficient estimation of multivariate mode
Comparing two groups: one-way ANOVA vs. regression analysis with dummy
Must there be an effect to be mediated in mediational analysis (i.e., must IVs & DVs be correlated)?
What am I measuring when I apply a graded response model to the Hunting of the Snark dataset?
Mediation analysis using binary IV and difference scores
What is the most appropriate way to test significance of effect difference across two groups?
R: adehabitatHS compana test - getting NaN for Wilk's lambda
Does the product of two p.s.d kernel matrices result in a kernel matrix?
Time Series: correcting the standard errors in a huge panel time series data set
How to measure clustering in time duration?
Show that Y/Z does not have finite expectation
Show that, for $t>1$, $P[\frac{Y}{Z}\leq t]=\frac{t-1}{t+1}$
How is interpolation related to the concept of regression?
Mean survival time for a log-normal survival function
$\chi^2$ distance and multivariate gaussian distribution
Why do Lars and Glmnet give different solutions for the Lasso problem?
Find the test statistic of $H_0:m_1=\lambda m_2$
Combining results from (GBM or any other) model based on samples from a very large database
How to interpret lower order interaction when higher order interaction is significant?
What are some distributions over the probability simplex?
Books about model selection in ecology
Joint model with interaction terms vs. separate regressions for a group comparison
How can I show that for any $a > 0$, $\lim_{n\to \infty}P \left(\sum_{i=1}^n X_i^2\leq a\right)=0$
Overall significance test for the effect of an independent continuous variable on a categorical dependent variable
How could I extract the distribution of one RV when given a set of sums of two RVs?
How to handle news coverage ratio in a regression analysis?
Interpreting the regression output from a mixed model when interactions between categorical variables are included
Should I use the mean-squared-prediction-error from LOOCV for prediction intervals?
Drawing a realization from a random variable
Survival analysis for nested, censored and dependent data
Questions about the application of PCA
Dealing with a partially pooled intercept in a Bayesian model
$\chi^2$ test on user preferences
Frequentist properties of p-values in relation to type I error
Test for a logistic distribution in R
Limits of correction for over dispersion with Poisson / binomial data
What to do with very low Durbin-Watson?
Do we need to report the median or the Mean when using a Kruskal-Wallis test?
Is possible use HoG features to train a Neural Network?
Measuring the moderating effect in my analysis?
Automatic keyword generation evaluation
What is the reason for differences between nbreg and glm with family(nb) in Stata
N-gram smoothing implementation in R
Variable selection with LASSO
Real-life examples of common distributions
Skewness, kurtosis and normality of a time series
What are some better ways to encode these symbols?
R vs SAS, why is SAS preferred by private companies?
Centering constraints for regression - specifically GAM
Account for group age differences
Lower bound for non-parametric data, with a tolerance margin?
Forecasting a complex time series by splitting into subseries
How to define an informative prior in a varying intercepts (linear mixed) model
Is there any gold standard for modeling irregularly spaced time series?
How is the inverse gamma distribution related to $n$ and $\sigma$?
how do I compare two logistic regression models?
Can you use a spline function of the spatial coordinates to control for spatial autocorrelation?
Is Perkins et al.'s skill score an application of Bayes' theorem?
X and Y are not correlated, but X is significant predictor of Y in multiple regression. What does it mean?
Textbook deriving Metropolis-Hastings and Gibbs Sampling
RMSE vs MAE when dependent variable is between 0-1
Similarity of two discrete fourier tranforms?
SPSS: 2 sample t-test: real data against fictional group with M=0 and SD=1?
Calculating if population mean differs from a given value
Which tests can I use to analyze dependent likert-type data?
R oneway.test with equal and non equal variance
Is the theory of minimum variance unbiased estimation overemphasized in graduate school?
Choosing the proper statistical approach for glm
Accuracy vs. simplicity as criteria to select explanatory variables
Initial values for logistic regression using maximum likelihood
Forecasting Interventions (pulse) with ARIMA Model
Most appropriate statistical test of significance when comparing two groups of awareness data
Modeling a spline over time -- design matrix and survey of approaches
Arima model giving high forecast values
Exploratory factor analysis among items with different measurements
Regression analysis with factor scores as explanatory variable
Issues with stochastic gradient descent
How to determine voter preference from a small sample poll using Bayesian statistics?
Correct variance for minimum detectable difference
Comparing multiple models using the same explanatory variables
How to generate nice summary table?
X and Y are not correlated, but X is significant predictor of Y in multiple regression. What does it mean?
Can statistical significance be obtained in an underpowered study?
Using n-grams to find data that does not 'belong'
The relationship between the number of support vectors and the number of features
Sample session for analysis of conjoint data in R
How do you identify the variables that separate several groups?
How to determine significant principal components using bootstrapping or Monte Carlo approach?
Is there an optimal bandwidth for a kernel density estimator of derivatives?
Inferring multiple ratios and binomial proportions with missing data
  How to perform pooled cross-sectional time series analysis?
Modelling a binary response variable with a binary explanatory variable
How to define and model consumption bundles?
How to build a regression model with just 5 datapoints with 5 or more variables?
Group-level correlation effect
Is Ye Shiwen's 400m IM performance in Olympics anomalous statistically?
Dimensional reduction with synonomy and polysemy
Estimating a time frame for interventions or judging the extent to which events become determined as time goes on
Dense Data Compression (Delta Encoding?)
Subsample bootstrapping
dirichlet density function returning values > 1.0
Evaluating model performance without validation data
How to find a breakpoint for each ID in a linear regression model with R?
Dynamically adjusting NN architecture: inventing the unnecessary?
Can I compare correlations even though one is NOT significant?
Model selection and model performance in logistic regression
Find the mean and variance of $U_1 + U_2$
Dirichlet density with just one x value and one alpha parameter
At what VIF level should you switch from OLS to ridge-regression?
Double exponential smoothing in multivariate multilevel panel regression
Resources for developing prognostic index-scores
Concepts behind fixed/random effects models
How to build a predictive model using sound (frequency and amplitude) as the input
What are possible reasons for differences in numerical output from the same procedures performed in different statistical packages?
Can a different indexing approach improve the relevance and efficiency of search engine results?
Shouldn't the beta estimates always be the same using lm and lmer?
How to know the stochastic gradient descent is converging
Differences between Stata & SPSS in multiple regression outcomes
What test should I choose if I want to see if two groups are different from each other in many categories?
Statistical test for a gradually self-improving suggestion system
Does anyone know how this visualization was made?
How does ties.method argument of R's rank function work?
What level of measurement is a factor score?
Confidence intervals around a centroid with modified Gower similarity
Which result to choose when Kruskal-Wallis and Mann-Whitney seem to return contradicting results?
Testing whether there is a difference between two groups who were asked the same set of questions
To aggregate and lose resolution OR not to aggregate and suffer with correlated binary data?
Whether to use original or reverse coded items in factor analysis?
Convergence of MCMC for ill-behaved functions
Confusion regarding correlation and mse
Sample size for multiple regression: How much more data do I need?
Temporal trend visualizations for regions
Watermarking data for datamining
Does a choice-based conjoint study have to be full profile?
Evaluating the variation in the power of a known periodicity
Two-sided permutation test vs. two one-sided
Estimating percentages as the dependent variable in regression
What GEE-exchangeable method can do that robust variance can't?
Differences for PROC GENMOD, COUNTREG and FMM for count data model
Mean comparisons following multiple imputation
SPSS dummy variables in OLS
Can RSD be pooled or is it valid to use the uncertainty propagation rule?
Is it possible for quartiles to have uneven groups?
Comparing continuous predictors for a dichotomous variable
Finding the fitted and predicted values for a statistical model
Average Structural Function Calculation
Sample size when one hypothesis is overwhelming
Can I put Log(Y) as a dependent variable in a count data model
Which R package for estimating a multilevel Weibull regression model?
Is left-of-mean cdf of exponential distribution greater than that of a gamma distribution?
Clustering & Time Series
Joint distribution of mid p-value and p-value
Hypothesis testing using the likelihood ratio test
Forecasting with arimax model including xtransf
Elementary statistics for jurors
Estimating ability using IRT when the model parameters are known
How to interpret an interaction effect in SPSS output for a repeated measures anova with between and within group factors?
Adjusting regression coefficient for predictor error
How to specify a non MLE prior for a naiveBayes model in R?
Why is volatility an important topic in financial econometrics?
Problem when creating matrix of values based on covariance matrix
Updating ARIMA models at frequent intervals
Aggregating information from multiple timeseries
Estimating the size of a sub-sample of a known population distribution given only the max and min values of the sub-sample
What's the appropriate way to calculate an effect size when there is an interaction?
Positive correlation and negative regressor coefficient sign
How can I calculate genetic similarities between groups?
Expected value of the log-determinant of a Wishart matrix
Chi square test on non-normal distributions
Obtaining factor scores from a factor analysis of mixed types (both ordinal and scale) variables
What are Effective Regression Techniques for Linguistic Analysis of Linked Data?
Why use control variables in differences-in-differences?
Compare conservation rates of a variable in two-factor experiment
A problem in probability theory
Conjugate prior for a binomial-like distribution
How to choose an error metric when evaluating a classifier?
Varied experimental conditions in repeated measure designs
Cor.test and statistical test values for spearman correlation, how to make sense of them?
How to use multiple datasets in order to measure the performance of a learning system?
Is splitting one hurdle model in two GLM/GAM models a valid approach?
Does there exist some sample size threshold for choosing between the chi-squared test and the exact binomial test?
Graphs type for likert scaled questionnaire?
Lag length selection Granger causality test
On the use of the periodogram of a time series
Closed form expression for the quantiles of $\alpha_1\sin(x)+\alpha_2\cos(x)$
Checking whether or not a variable has impact
What model can be used when the constant variance assumption is violated?
Derivation of prediction intervals for a normally distributed population with unknown population standard deviation
Least square root fitting? A fitting method with multiple minima
Questions about specifying linear mixed models in R for repeated measures data with additional nesting structure
Regression books for business people
Statistical properties of a 3D field from spatial averages at different scales
How to 'intelligently' bin a collection of sorted data?
Simulating C4.5 algorithm using Decision Tree node in SAS Enterprise Miner 6.2.
Dealing with poor fit in an Item Response Theory model
Central limit theorem for weighted sum of correlated random variables
How to determine if 3-way survey winner is statistically significant?
Predicted Probabilities for Logit Models
Frame experiment in Repeated Measures ANOVA lens
GLM model is singular
Dirichlet processes for supervised learning?
Effect of delivery mode of questionnaire (online/hardcopy) on results
Analysing when tunes are alike: testing ordinal and categorical similarity
Random parameters with endogeneous regressors by Stata SEM or GLLAMM?
An elementary question on binomial test: why should I take a sum?
95% CI that contradict a paired samples t-test
How does the test error pattern depend on the regularizer function?
MCMC Geweke diagnostic
ets() in R returns a flat forecast for intermittent demand
hierarchical Bayesian models vs. empirical Bayes
How to I compare the growth differences between two time based datasets?
Generating random nos based on 'k' moments
Repeated measures ANOVA for patient counselling data
Whether to use r-square or adjusted r-square with a small sample size that may represent the entire population?
Re-parameterization of an asymmetric s-shaped function
R regression output - Factors vs numeric variables
Regression modelling with unequal variance
Experimental design & questions on use of generalized linear models
Estimating parameter using curve-fitting and model comprised of uncorrelated product of two functions
How many data points for my new product do I need to tell if my new product performs differently to the old?
Help me plan/design a survey
How do I interpret high residuals for the reproduced correlations in factor analysis?
Lomax distributions - Kullback Leibler divergence
Correlate bivariate Brownian bridges
Log-Cauchy Random Number Generation
Q learning in a stochastic environment
Models for calculating consumer behavior at coffee shop
Pie charts vs. dot plots
Measuring error in the lag when cross-correlating data
randomForest chooses regression instead of classification
Heteroskedasticity and standard deviation
Model for circular statistics
Noise correlations depending on distance
need help understanding Dirichlet (coursera's PGM class week 7 - Bayesian prediction)
Are there methods to learn a projection method into euclidean space, given a set of pairwise distances?
How to calculate the variance of vectors for clustering?
I'm getting jumpy loadings in rollapply PCA in R. Can I fix it?
Testing count variables with size as a covariate
How can I estimate a rank dependent variable in a multivariate dataset?
Out-of-core data analysis options
Specifying the linear predictor, survival function and PDF of a log-normal survival distribution
Optimization of models (ANN, radial basis, etc.) in R to target predictor levels to produce a desired response
Asymptotic distribution of maximum order statistic of IID random normals
Estimating parameters using a different method?
Best statistical model/technique for assessing part data
Significant p-value and relative risk crossing 1
Comparing proportions from the same sample of patients
Binary interaction terms using lmer
Alternatives to multinomial logistic regression
Truncated Pareto estimation
How to control for market return in an (SPSS) OLS?
Robust fitting of discrete choice model in R
Stationary ARMA model as infinite AR or MA process
Alternative to Otsu for dividing data into two groups
Rank-ordered cumulative distribution estimation: where does this function come from?
Bayesian models and exchangeability
How should I determine if a person differs from typical performance?
How do you calculate the expected value of mixed lognormal distribution?
Case-mix adjustment versus risk adjustment, what are their differences in practice and objective?
What is so cool about de Finetti's representation theorem?
Expected value and variance of trace function
Using random sampling, is it better for the samples to be disjoint?
Stratified classification with random forests (or another classifier)
Plotting a heatmap based on clustering in R
Either quadratic or interaction term is significant in isolation, but neither are together
Time series modeling with dynamic regressors in SAS vs. in R
How to handle missing data in a logistic regression using SPSS?
Using ANOVA and t-tests with pre-aggregated data
Estimating a sparse inverse covariance matrix with known sparsity
Summarize time series regression coefficients after giving 1 coefficient a fixed number (from a distribution)
What are some good exploratory analysis and diagnostic plots for count data?
Concepts of mixed effects in statistics and econometrics, how to cope with them?
How to measure agreement between a set of raters?
Evaluating the quality of a classifier which provides probability per class
Can the Mantel test be extended to asymmetric matrices?
How to determine whether a data set is continuously growing?
Interpreting significant difference when additional data added
Repeated measures ANOVA for two different groups
Mathematics base for data mining and artificial intelligence algorithms
How do I handle categorical dependent variables with low level percentages in multinomial logistic regression?
Is there any test for a null hypothesis of non-normality?
Expected first hitting time for compound Poisson process?
What is the normal approximation of the multinomial distribution?
What is the role of a categorical predictor in polynomial regression?
What are finite window effects?
Absent categorical data levels in Bootstrap samples
How to perform a basic forecasting model from pooled cross-sectional timeseries data in SPSS?
Strategies for Recovering Missing Data
Gigantic kurtosis?
Optimal regularization for non linear optimization
Exploratory factor analysis - promax & factor cross-loadings
Is there any criterion about choosing reference factor in multinomial logistic regression?
Methods for estimating the survival function
Linear regression vs analysis of variance: how to explain the difference?
Choosing the best model to predict second hand widget prices
Is a g-test appropriate for count data?
Why do you maximize specificity for circumstantial findings?
Determining a correction factor and applying it to a second set of numbers
Determining a correlation factor and applying it to a second set of numbers
Is there a data decay method that decays data based on how much new data it receives?
Is there an intuitive interpretation of a negative variogram nugget value?
Why are the following probabilities equal to each other?
How to select joint feature representation for structural SVM with binary loss?
Getting started with R
Laplacian-Beltrami approximation based on an empirical sample
R packages (or SAS code) to produce two simultaneous Kaplan-Meier curves?
Mean(scores) vs Score(concatenation) in cross validation
MLE estimation: sensitive to data?
L1 regression estimates median whereas L2 regression estimates mean?
Difference between regression analysis and analysis of variance?
Can I get predictions from Winbugs/OpenBUGS?
Separation of multiple overlapping normal distributions
Effect of duration of treatment on the outcome at different time points
Choosing a robust estimator to account for measurement error in dependent variable
Interpretation of simple predictions to odds ratios in logistic regression
Parametrizing the Behrens–Fisher distributions
Can I use a mixed effects model to analyze data that is tightly spatially aggregated?
Ranking randomly distributed variables based on decreasingness
Difference between panel data & mixed model
Determining smoothing parameter in HP filter for hourly data
Specifying the number of clusters in nearest neighbor clustering
Limitation on group size with non-parametric permutation tests
PhD vs MS in biostatistics
Grid search on k-fold cross validation
Repeating questions based on giving correct answers
Given count data with many zero observations, what is a reasonable amount of zero observations in the data?
What if your randomly formed groups are clearly not similar?
Filtering virtual economy transactions
OLS: $E[\epsilon_{it}^T\epsilon_{it}] \not= 0$ in 1st equation biases standard errors in 2nd equation?
p-value as a distance?
How is a uniform sample generated by the computer?
On the applicability of Benjamini-Hochberg
How to calculate Mahalanobis distance in SPSS for an exploratory factor analysis?
Showing $\mathbb{E}[T_n] = \theta \mathbb{E}_1[T_n]$ is scale equivariant?
More interpretable measure of association than odds ratios for contingency tables with 0 counts
Books on designing clinical trials for psychotherapy research
Getting probabilities over 1 in positive and unlabeled learning
If you perform an ARMA on the volatility and add the squared returns as external variable, do you obtain a GARCH?
Designing and validating a Likert-type scale with odd or even response categories
Why are eigen and svd decompositions of a covariance matrix based on sparse data yielding different results?
What is currently the more accepted Agreement Between Raters Statistics or most referenced paper?
Simulation study: how to choose the number of iterations?
Estimating customer waiting time and server idle time on a finite horizon, stochastic, single-server queue
Can repeated measures ANOVA be used in this case?
Reversing PCA back to original variables
What is the simplest statistical analysis to compare 2 groups on a simple survey?
Friedman's test for binary data - possible or not?
Using linear regression for bias correction
Is it ok to clean up data from different conditions independently?
What is the expectation of exponential of the product of two random variables?
Cross validation using experimental design methods?
Is it a problem to get a negative adjusted r-squared?
Are data transformations on non-normal data necessary for an exploratory factor analysis when using the principal axis factoring extraction method?
Do data transformations before factor analysis need to be consistent across different variables?
What to do with heterogeneity of variance when spread decreases with larger fitted values
When is the distribution of $(\overline{x}-\mu)/{\rm SE}(\overline{x})$ normal and when is it $t$?
Why is tf-idf used in conjunction with SVMs for classifying documents?
Detecting significant predictors out of 300 independent variables
Likelihood test for dividing a distribution into two separate distributions
Suggestions on how to visualize survey data
STL on time series with missing values for anomaly detection
Estimating parameters of an unknown PID controller
How do I find similarities between two sets of data
PCA Model Selection Using AIC
How can you have a non-significant multiple regression model w/ significant predictors?
Hidden Markov Model segmentation of different proportions of binary data
Confidence intervals when using Bayes' theorem
Can a model of P(Y|X) be trained via stochastic gradient descent from non-i.i.d. samples of P(X) and i.i.d. samples of P(Y|X)?
What hypothesis test to use for categorical variables?  Possibly in R?
Can logistic regression's predicted probability be interpreted as the confidence in the classification
Analysing a balanced mixed models design?
Dimensionally weighted distance between two points in n-dimensional space
In a neural network with N covariates, are >N hidden units useless?
Mixed repeated measures Anova
Do you perform cross validation on bootstrap samples?
What is the correct way to calculate the explained variance of each EOF as calculated from a gappy data set?
Stacking up panel data to use OLS over it
Paired data / repeated measures in 2x2 experiment
Bayesian model averaging in R
Computing the likelihood gradient on a simple directed graphical model with hidden unit
Skewness in dependent variable (OLS, Gauss Markov, non-normality)
MCMC for structured matrix
What statistical tools does a analyst (financial) require?
Factor analysis to group questions into blocks?
Test to determine significance for non normal data with different variance and unequal n?
How to present results of a Lasso using glmnet?
Handle leap seconds in time series data
Designing a Simple (a.k.a 'bad') Ranking value from several values of unknown distribution
Edge correction of Ripley's K-function for two 1D point processes?
About the usage of CATPCA
Is repeated measures ANOVA a correct method for my data?
Should I keep or remove random effects?
What is the name of the distribution whose support is (0,1) and whose pdf kernel is exp(ax) - 1?
How to estimate the third quartile of binned data?
Changing reference level on mixed model changes pMCMC value
Hypothesis test for difference between domain means with weighted data
Distribution of atan2 of normal r.v.'s
Could anyone identify this book?
What test should i perform?
Which distributions on [0,1] other than the beta distribution form nice compounds with the binomial distribution?
Best way to go about correcting for multiple comparisons (or should one even) for a small dataset?
What does Theta mean?
Attempting to define linear weights for Goals scored in the English Premiership
Method to classify and recode high and low probability regions?
 Repeated measures ANOVAs instead of repeated measures MANOVA w/ small N?
Are composite variables (eg. a score) valid to perfom a SEM in AMOS?
What kinds of variables should we use the normality test for?
Determine range that contains given ratio of data points
Resources about forecasting stock returns with SVR
CART (rpart) balanced vs. unbalanced dataset
Strategies for teaching the sampling distribution
Statistical test to compare multiple treatments on the same 'individual' over time
How to interpret p-values for factors
Advice on regression modelling
Proper use of weights argument in linear mixed model [lme()]?
k-fold cross-validation strategy for large data set in statistical learning
How to decide which decision tree classifier to use?
Predictive Probabilities
A proof involving properties of moment generating functions
Significance of different mean values for two processes
Is there a name for distributions induced by norms?
Validity of using the mean duration across a sample period as the trial for Student's t test or Welch's test
Dimensionality reduction on a huge binary matrix
Random effect equal to 0 in lmer in R
Sparsity-inducing regularization for stochastic matrices
Possible reason for failing to build a support vector machine
Free database of historical events in database format?
What is/are good economic indicator(s) to use for predicting whether or not someone will leave a company?
Transferring to new domain
Can we simply compare the predicted percentages of the outcome between studies?
Supervised classifier for events with missing data
Support vector machines and Granger causality
How do I compare the quasi likelihood of two multi-level generalized estimating equation models?
How to fix a coefficient in an ordinal logistic regression without proportional odds assumption in R?
How do I quantify a discrepancy which only exists in a subset of data?
Why do we take the absolute value in a hypothesis test?
Regression with averages and collinearity
Peak detection in a ucontroller using FFT
Continued fraction representation of the multivariate normal distribution
Feature selection and parameter tuning with caret for random forest
AIC & BIC number interpretation
Mahalanobis distance and percentage of the distribution represented
Exponentiated logistic regression coefficient different than odds ratio
Is a different CV arrangement the same as a validation set?
Testing for useful variables in a net lift model
Fewer variables have higher R-squared value in logistic regression
What are the degrees of freedom of a distribution?
Construct artificial slightly overlapping data for PCA plot
How to handle online time series forecast?
Given two sets of data, what could explain similar means but different standard deviations?
Which distribution is likely to be the source of the largest value?
randomForest and variable importance bug?
What is the distribution of an average of Poisson random variables?
Draw balls from a set of color balls: the probability of drawing a color seen before?
Uncertainty modeling for samples
Time series from experimental measurement
What type of statistics test do I use for the following
Avoiding matrix inversions with the multivariate Gaussian distribution?
How does Fisher LDA work?
Filter out information in Kalman Filter
Understanding the Behrens–Fisher problem
What is rank deficiency, and how to deal with it?
How to compute confidence interval in ANOVA with repeated measures?
Euclidean Distance b/t unit vectors or cosine similarity where vectors are document vectors
Trying to compute Gini index on StackOverflow reputation distribution?
Covariance of a linear and quadratic form of a multivariate normal
$ARIMA(p,d,q)+X_t$, Simulation over Forecasting period
Feature selection using mutual information in Matlab
Combining two survey samples
Part correlation and R squared
Calculating prediction intervals when using cross validation
Concept of iterations in Adaboost
What to report and how to report Cox-regression survival analysis in a research paper
Manifold regularization using laplacian graph in SVM
Finding ways to bid for items, which has a normal distributed price
Meaning of standard deviation units in a test for statistical significance (basic)
Joint distribution of dependent exponential variables
How to compare observed vs. expected events?
Matlab TreeBagger Cost argument not working as it works with similar function fitensemble
What's the difference between variance and standard deviation?
How to compare two time series?
Modelling dependency between random variables
Appropriate clustering techniques for temporal data?
Distance correlation and prediction
Calculate standard errors: interaction between 2 factors, one of which has 3 levels in a regression model
Marginal parameter estimation in copula with copula (dependence) parameter known
Is the following a valid MCMC sampler?
Relative scoring system without much effect from outliers
How to cluster multidimensional (parametric) distributions?
Calculating the Fisher Information of bivariate normal
Sample size that will give statistically significant results
What are good values to assume for correlation and sphericity when estimating sample size for a within-subjects design
R software implementation of combining mixed treatment comparisons and meta-regression
How to handle sets with less than $k$ elements when using a single hash function to minhash?
Non-significant group effect, but LSD post hoc is significant. Why?
How do I identify this simultaneous equations model?
Control for previous day values when doing across day analysis with generalized estimating equations?
Combination of variational methods and empirical Bayes
Why is it valid to account for k-1 intercepts w/ only 1 random intercept parameter?
Dimensionality reduction (SVD or PCA) on a large, sparse matrix
What terms should I include in a linear regression model?
How to perform RMSE analysis in SPSS?
Hyperprior distributions for the parameters (scale matrix and degrees of freedom) of a wishart prior to an inverse covariance matrix
What are the connections between: the normal, the $\chi^2$ & the F distributions?
Optimal matching distances as percentages?
Why bother with low rank approximations?
Clarification in definition of Holt-Winters algorithm
Comparing tournament results to chance
Removing extraneous points near the centre of a QQ-plot
Applications of conditional covariance matrices
How to interpret a random intercept?
How to test for and remedy multicollinearity in optimal scaling/ordinal regression with categorical IVs
How to test outliers, normality, homoscedasticity?
Probability of several simulataneous events in Markov chains
How to correlate graph properties with vertex attributes?
Common weak learners for Adaboost
Variable Selection One by One vs Simultaneously
Deriving Negentropy. Getting stuck
Machine learning techniques for parsing strings?
What do you call the left hand side variables in a regression/classification?
Is bootstrapping a valid method to assess the uncertainty of the median estimate?
Log-Ratio \ Compositional analysis
How to account for different degrees of familial relatedness in linear mixed model? Is heteroscedasticity a problem?
KS, AD and loglike results
What test should be used for detecting team imbalances in a game?
Inference from conditional observations
SVM, Overfitting, curse of dimensionality
Layperson's guide to valid polling via Internet?
Since $x$ is near-gaussian, its PDF can be written as...
Interactions with R? ANCOVA in R? I want to see if certain variables affect a dependent variable in R using repeated-measures
Estimating the spectral density
Minimal state vector for a Kalman filter
Doubly robust estimation of causal effects implementation
How to standardize an array if standard deviation is zero?
Hidden Markov models and anomaly detection
Interpretation of log transformed negatively skewed dependent variable
Problems estimating anisotropy parameters for a spatial model
What is the relationship between independent component analysis and factor analysis?
rpart and the printcp function
Initialize ARIMA simulations with different time-series
Citation for permutation test
Technique to remove factor structure from panel data
Probit analysis using 13 cases and checking normal distribution
Recommendations for MRI classification in R of large dataset (n=100, p=20000)
How do I model monthly count data (the number of lumbar fusion surgeries)?
Combining a linear Kalman Filter with additional linear constraints?
Chi-squared test for nonlinear regression
How to determine whether data is slightly or extremely non-normally distributed?
Confirming the detailed calcs for NPS Margin of error
Why applying model selection using AIC gives me non-significant p-values for the variables
Can I use optimally scaled variables for a factor analysis to account for rotation? If I can then how?
Is it possible to build a more controllable decision tree like below?
p(x) in an anomaly detection system gives values greater 1
Interpolation of missing values using results produced by arima
Measuring effects of categorical factors on binomial outcome with many groups
How to compare two related ordinal variables?
How is the intercept calculated in a generalized linear model and why is it different from a linear model?
What is the correct sample size when calculating CI for a subset of results?
Error on weighted mean
(hierarchical) cluster analysis with non-standard distance
How to add a random perturbation term to the response variable, with transformation in R?
Appropriate significance test for peak level in a time series
How do I estimate a repeated measures ANCOVA in R and SPSS?
Mixed model vs. Pooling Standard Errors for Multi-site Studies - Why is a Mixed Model So Much More Efficient?
Genetic algorithms, genetic programming or machine learning algorithms for solving this problem
How to tell if the difference between two SD's is significant?
Validation of logistic regression - goodness of fit (pearson)
Relationship between regularized least squares and MLE
How can I test for significance of a treatment in an unbalanced, repeated-measures experiment using R?
Use likelihood-ratio test to select models in case of nested models
Confidence interval of multi-step calibration
Comparing P value from t test vs. Mann-Whitney test
Space-scale plots in R
Nested logistic regression in R
Which test should I report, ANOVA or Mann-Whitney?
Model some logarithmic looking data in R
Distance invariant approaches to find the main difference between two distributions in R$^n$
What is the maximum value in a finite selection of a normally distributed variable?
How do I estimate a differences in differences model when the dependent variable has many zeros?
Is there a multiple-sample version or alternative to the Kolmogorov-Smirnov Test?
detecting plagiarism on multiple-choice test
Repeated measures ANOVA within and between factors
Split plot design with repeated measures in package (nlme) - model errors
Representation within a RKHS framework
Significance test for large sample sizes
Is multicollinearity implicit in categorical variables?
About Identification in a 3 equation SEM
Distributions on the simplex with correlated components
Time series forecasting using autoregressive and linear terms in R
Do I need P value Adjustment for 100 pairwise comparisons?
Should you use normalized or non-normalized data to develope your model?
Data fitting with repeated measurements
What significance level is required with a small data set?
Can a contingency table be used to model probabilities?
Why does including latitude and longitude in a GAM account for spatial autocorrelation?
Information gain and information gain ratio: Do I have to pick just one?
Presenting the error term in a quantile regression specification
matlab gmdistribution.fit 'Regularize' - what regularization method?
When has a Bayesian approach been critical to addressing a theory, hypothesis or problem?
Evaluation and Testsets for NNMF
Need normal distribution for kappa Fleiss and ICC (2, 1)?
Latent variables, overparameterization and MCMC convergence in bayesian models
Calculating $\tan 2\theta$ in terms of correlation coefficients and variances
How important is $R^2$ when prediction is not the research aim?
A good Machine Learning Book
Estimating misclassification rate from summary classification values
Interpretation of plotted component smooth functions of generalized additive model - transformed variables
Recommend an enjoyable / introductory book on Statistics
Does the probability of multiple independent events follow a normal distribution?
On Elo++ updating rule
Measurement error in dependent variable
Replacement of NA values for PCA analysis
Cross validation accuracy is the same as the fraction of negative labels - what does it mean?
How do I rank variables collected by a Likert scale questionnaire?
Algorithim to determine if point is too far from the average
Good books on text mining?
How to quantify moderation effect in an intervention study with multiple time points?
Is it statistically correct and safe to calculate Kappa 2 test means of combinations of 2 against the value of a Fleiss' Kappa?
How to convert multiple ranking scores into a probability distribution?
Linear regression with repeated measures in R
Normalization vs. scaling
Inferring transition matrices in continuous time Markov processes
What to do when every SVM returns not a member?
How to read the the goodness of fit on nls of R?
GAM cross-validation to test prediction error
Is there an alternative to the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test for tied data with correction?
Binomial / multinomial logistic regression or chi-squared
Detecting outstanding events
Why do I need bag composition to calculate OOB error of combined random forest model?
Why do I get 100% error rate in unsupervised random forest, and how does the unsupervised pattern work in randomForest R package
How do you treat 'don't know' answers for a composite likert scale?
How to correct for correlation at baseline between predictor and DV?
What is better for time series prediction: AR or ARIMA?
How to bootstrap the best fit distribution to a sample?
Test to determine if one strategy has better results in a game than another?
Are $\sigma_{70\%} = cte * \sigma /\sqrt{N}$, & $\sigma_{\bar x_{70\%}} = cte * \sigma /\sqrt{N}$ valid with non-normal distributions?
Standardize/normalize power law distribution for machine learning
Can I assume (log-)normality for this sample?
Semi-parametric approach: nonparametric test of residuals from linear mixed model
How to prove that the radial basis function is a kernel?
Looking for pointers on how/if to model a low t and high n longitudinal data set to evaluate outcome-predictors
Significant factor in 2-way repeated ANOVA becomes not significant in 3-way repeated ANOVA?
What analysis to use with two groups, a pre- and post-test, and three outcomes?
Two continuous distributions with same 1% & 5% quantiles however  distributions are notably different in shape, location etc?
How to calculate the prediction interval from two independent forecasts of time series?
Applicability of chi-square test if many cells have frequencies less than 5
Simple approximation of Poisson cumulative distribution in long tail?
GAM sample size
How can I determine a relation, given the raw data for three variables?
Correcting for normally distributed clock inprecision
Density estimation with scaled sinc-like kernels
Determining which theoretical prediction is more in line with actual data
How can I determine if values are 'significantly' similar / close?
Contribution of each covariate to a single prediction in a logistic regression model
Different results of Engle's Lagrange multiplier test for conditional heteroscedasticity from SAS and FinTS
Transforming the data before the use of a maximum likelihood estimation
K successes in Bernoulli trials, or George Lucas movie experiment
What are the rules / guidelines for downsampling?
Naive Bayes fails with a perfect predictor
Fitting an HLM model in lme4
Comparing Hierarchical Linear Model with non-HLM techniques
Constructing a model from multiple non-independent and unreliable predictors?
Feature selection for SVM and Maximum Entropy
General rules for choosing machine-learning algorithm?
How to draw a Hasse diagram of a large number of pairwise comparisons?
Should I start with correlations first before doing any testing?
Box-Cox like transformation for independent variables?
Split-split-split plot cross-over design... is this even possible?
Improvement of regression model
In an election, how can we tell the certainty that a candidate will be the winner?
Are discrimination parameters in two-parameter IRT models only specific to items?
Spotting anomalies in time series
Bayes decision boundary of Figure 2.5 in Elements of Statistical Learning
What is the estimation bias of the top estimate in a list sorted by value?
Desirability approach to multiple optimization: drawbacks and alternatives
joint probability of two hypergeometric trial sets
Why does adding a covariate of  age cause variance of random slope (log time) to increase?
Can survival analysis be used to predict earthquakes?
In a hidden Markov model, how do all observations and one state give you all states?
To exclude a main effect that is not of interest in ANCOVA, or not?
Different random effects in nlme and nlmer
Reasoning about an arbitrary transformation function based on observed data
Measurement error in dependent variable?
Finding weak ties in network data
If the image of $\omega$ under $X$ is always the same number, can $X$ be a random variable?
Comparing coefficients in logistic regression
How to analyse periodic time series volatility?
Choice of neural net hidden activation function
Bayes factors with improper priors
How do I get a group of people to collectively rank a set of objects?
Controlling False Discovery Rate in Stages
How to determine a user's favorite content producer from individual ratings?
How to determine statistically whether an effect saturates?
Equivalent of Kolmogorov-Smirnov test for integer data?
Cumulative distribution of Binomial Random variable
Probability distribution for transformation of a random variable
How to properly analyze: 4-way ANOVA?
How does regression analysis help one understand how the typical value of the dependent variable change?
Using glmer to replicate result from lmer for mulitlevel modelling in R
Data reduction of 3D points
Maximum File Size that R can read
How to determine if one fit is significantly better than a slightly different fit?
Mixed linear model with repeated measures in SPSS
Composition of probability density
A strange pattern of cross-validation results
Measurement error as additive or subtractive?
Which stocks fell first after some event?
Interpreting multiple correspondence analysis
Wald vs. LR $\chi^2$ tests in SPSS generalized linear models
Forecasting rain from weather conditions
Perl advantages in data management/statistical analysis?
Question related to binomial distribution
Weka: how do I score an arff file using a NaiveBayes model?
Why is statistics useful when many things that matter are one shot things?
Include Type B in effective degrees of freedom for expanded uncertainty?
Solving a simple integral equation by random sampling
How do I test a nonlinear association?
Test whether (x,y) of one set of data points is significantly greater than the (x,y) of another set of data points
How can I calculate covariance of quasi-Poisson-distributed variables in R?
How to determine if two sequences are significantly different?
Test if course marks are better this semester compared to last semester
PROC NLMIXED and PROC LIFEREG not arriving at the same answer for Log-normal survival function
How to model a linear regression based on time?
Estimating how quickly people submit their answers
How to quantitatively analyse a semi-structured interview?
How to do one-class text classification?
Logistic regression: the standard deviation used in: GLMPOWER
Performing a Sobel test with huge discrepancies between unstandardized coefficients?
Confused about confidence interval
Why we solve the dual problem in SVM?
New to R: computing the correlation of the residuals with the fitted values of a data set
Simulation of Logistic Regression Power Analysis - Designed Experiments
Effect of log transform on Pearson correlation
How should I interpret the Kappa Fleiss test?
Fitting a dataset into another dataset
Performing a two tailed test given a contingency table
SAS PROC LOGISTIC: Hosmer and Lemeshow test is good but Gini is bad?
Stats 101 basic hypothesis testing questions
Uncorrelatedness implies independence under some condition?
Proving a non-stopping time
Propensity score matching after multiple imputation
Taleb and the Black Swan
Calculating the percentage change of 2 values
Is sampling relevant in the time of 'big data'?
Modelling market mode (trending vs about to reverse)
Hypothesis testing based on 5 samples
How to interpret regression coefficients when response was transformed by the 4th root?
Observation vs model in a N-dimensional space
Strategy to set the GBM parameters
Can these data be aggregated into a proportion for a binomial glm?
What are the odds of three people having consecutive birthdays?
Overall prediction using correlated variables
Clarify difference between first and second order monte carlo simulation
Variable frequency redistribution
What is the distance between a finite Gaussian mixture and a Gaussian?
Where did the term learn a model come from
Convergence of distribution
Prediction in Cox regression
Two Sample Proportion Test - Finite Population
Difference in Differences: id switches between treatment and control group
Why does the Cauchy distribution have no mean?
A question about notation of Bayes' Theorem
How to test the hypothesis of dependency between price and demand
How to deal with missing values for PCA?
How to show order statistic is sufficient
Determine if a person differs from typical performance
Calculating R-squared (coefficient of determination) with centered vs. un-centered sums of squares
What error is it to assume a test causes a response when it in fact only correlates with another test that causes a response?
Is a heat-map of gene expression more informative if Z-scores are used instead of actual expression measurement values?
Implication / Interpretation of long term equilibrium VECM
Weak Convergence
What is this permutation?
Construction of Dirichlet distribution with Gamma distribution
Which test to use to check for better ratio for matched participants?
Comparing structural equation models with multivariate non-normality
Estimating Markov transition probabilities from sequence data
Measures of internal consistency of survey items
How to estimate an upperbound for logistic regression by only 5 to 7 data points?
Calculating Log Prob. of Dirichlet distribution in High Dimensions
Where does $\sqrt{n}$ come from in central limit theorem (CLT)?
Confidence interval about a multivariate normal probability
Frequentist performance of sequential testing based on predictive power
An unbiased estimate of the median
Philosophy of sampling for experiments: finite versus infinite
How to compute distances within & between clusters, if clusters contain sequences?
Linear Regression and Spatial-Autocorrelation
Three level mixed-effects (crossed and nested) model in stata
Almost sure convergence
Converting similarity matrix to (euclidean) distance matrix
How can I fit the parametres of t-distribution if I know the number of degrees of freedom in R?
Does the optimal number of trees in a random forest depend on the number of predictors?
Calculate probability for LibLinear classification results
Inner loop overfitting in nested cross-validation
Understand how to test a Logit model on new data
Random Forest: what if I know a variable is important
Why does $\overline{y} = \hat \beta_{0} + \hat \beta_{1} \overline{x}$ in simple linear regression?
How can the robustness of observational studies be increased?
Jonckheere-Terpstra interpretation
Show that a comparison of the two way drugs can be made by means of the statistic $(b-c)^2/{b+c}$
Visualising plausible values in multiple imputation
Do you include a reference category for a series of dummy variables in a probit regression?
Practical data collection tips for performing a network meta analysis (mixed treatment comparisons)
Explanation of confidence interval in example in Gelman and Hill
Would a split-plot ANOVA be appropriate to look for order effects in my data?
PCR or PCSR (Principal Component Score Regression)?
How to predict or extend regression lines in ggplot2?
Testing graded response model thresholds for significance?
What tests do I use to confirm that residuals are normally distributed?
Is the Anderson-Darling test or Shapiro-Wilk test more powerful?
How do I create a categorical scatterplot in R like boxplots?
I have a very fuzzy data set, what can I do to 'smooth' it?
Inaccurate R prediction
Should I interpret based on descriptive or inferential statistics in the present case?
Convergence problem
What is the ANOVA model to use for a 2x2 factorial experiment with units measured 3 times each?
Stepwise Regression Models in JMP
Is it valid to use only some of the components as regressors from a PCA?
Simulate/Predict soccer standings after X rounds, based on current results/standing
Finding most informative feature subsets given dataset, clustering algorithm and gold standard partition
Factor scale as a dependent variable in repeated measures ANOVA
How to get started with neural networks
Supervised dimensionality reduction-applications
Definition and Convergence of Iteratively Reweighted Least Squares
How to test a difference in proportions for significance when the underlying distributions are not normal?
Mean centering for PCA in a 2D array...across rows or cols?
Predictive model & standardized variables
Small and unequal sample sizes
Model broken stick model in R where one line has a constant gradient?
How is this equation read?
Trouble minimizing perplexity in LDA
Should two equal pseudo-random numbers in a sample count as a run down or a run up in a runs test?
Rule of thumb reliability of scales for using manifest variables in path analysis?
How to report Cronbach's alpha for referent-shift scale (before or after aggregation?)
Comparing  overdispersion distributions
Chi-squared and repeated measures
Why is pruning not needed for random forest trees?
Regression model with categorical values
Why do regression coefficients change when excluding variables?
Why is correlation obtained from nlme different from Pearson correlation?
How do I find peaks in a dataset?
How to compare yearly categorical data? 
lmPerm p-values and multiple testing
How can I calculate a confidence interval for the percentage change between two means?
What is the equivalent of a standard deviation when considering a least squares fit line?
Thresholds for detection of significant change from baseline in time-series data
What factor extraction method should be used in the FA with optimally scaled variables?
randomForest vs. cforest; Can I get partial dependence plots and percent variance explained in package party?
Deriving PDF in AutoRegressive Model
What does a chi-square test mean when no p-value is returned?
Question about homoscedasticity test
Geometric intuition for why an outer product of two vectors makes a correlation matrix?
R vs. SPSS Kolmogorov-Smirnov test
Continuous-by-continuous interaction using simple slopes when I have nuisance variables in my model
What are the Assumptions required in Regression Models, Ordinary Least Square, and Multiple Regression Models?
Can lmer() use splines as random effects?
Longitudinal design - repeated measures, non-parametric, non-balanced design
How to run a two-way ANOVA with a random variable followed by pairwise comparisons?
Post-hoc analysis for Logrank test
Difference in proportions but one of them is 0
Optimization problem
Random forest computing time in R
Modeling nearest event through multivariate random variable with condition
GBM relative influence
Linearity and ordinal variables in nonparametric setting
About regressing some variables along with some factors on a DV after a factor analysis
Check memoryless property of a Markov chain
When will a Kalman filter give better results than a simple moving average?
What is the relationship between the 1st PC & the mean pairwise correlation?
When is appropriate to run a factor analysis at items level vs. scale level in a new questionnaire?
Evaluating clusters of first-order Markov chains
Modified Poisson binomial distribution
Joint distribution of column sums when row sums are fixed
What properties of a text makes it a spam/bad question?
What is the canonical example which show advantage of robust linear regression over LS linear regression?
Weighted geometric mean vs weighted mean
Present value model of a stock exchange: how to deal with zero dividends?
Natural interpretation for LDA hyperparameters
Likelihood vs conditional distribution for Bayesian analysis
Calculating precision and recall in R
Interpretation of results in non-inferiority study
Formal definition of random assignment
How to simulate from a Gaussian copula?
Sampling an interpolated model with MCMC
Number of tests for rare events and multiple comparisons problem?
learning R-understanding calculations for specific variable
How to avoid the problem of two-way causality?
Predicting user selections based on similar user
Can the covariance matrix in Mahalanobis distance definition be zero?
Smoothing a 2-by-2 contingency table
Advice for a sparse high-dimensional regression strategy
Simulation of forecasted values in ARIMA (0,1,1)
The relationship between the gamma distribution and the normal distribution
Open source Java library for statistics at the level offered by a graduate statistics course
Effects of multiple within-subjects factors when not all combinations of levels are available
Identify different periods of variance in a time series
Is there any free software for Oden's Ipop?
Horseshoe distribution
Software for advanced visualization
PCA on independent but non-identically distributed multinormal data
Can unsupervised evaluation measures for clustering replace a supervised evaluation measure?
Whether to use correlation matrix between latent variables or raw data as input to SEM?
How to calculate sum of squared errors (SSE or SSR) with Stata 12 software?
Find all correlations between two sets of variables
Individual patient data meta-analysis with SD's as outcome measure
How to use R gbm with distribution = adaboost?
Lognormal Standard Error
When can I leave counterbalancing factors (between participants) in an ANOVA out of a write up?
With simple random sampling, how to approximate variance of R=avg(Y)/avg(X)?
Using the Fisher's sign test to select the better of two classifiers
Normalization of categorical factor variables
Building a time series that includes multiple observations for each date
Is the Cochran-Mantel-Haenszel test the correct test for these frequency data?
How to statistically describe chain-like patterns in bivariate data?
Problems with Groups in Traminer
Estimate the proportion and variance in a simple binomial cluster design
Contradiction between significant effect in multiple regression, but non-significant t-test on its own
Is it okay to convert PCA scores to absolute value?
Frequency/harmonic analysis of accents
How to calculate weighted Hedges' g effect size in meta-analysis when some effect sizes share a control group?
Investigating the change in a proportion/ratio
R-code question: model selection based on individual significance in regression?
Lognormal distribution from world bank quintiles PPP data
Repeated measures ANOVA, unbalanced and missing values in R
What is the correct test to check whether a observable has changed after modifying a condition?
How do I generate numbers according to a Soliton distribution?
Goodness of fit for stock prices
Supervised clustering or classification?
Examples of processes that are not Poisson?
In calculating the F-measure with precision and recall, why is the harmonic mean used?
Finding events related to a specific feature in a noisy dataset
Calculating weight as 1/(stnd error) for weighted regression if stnd error = 0
Framework for Symbolic Classification
Parameters without defined priors in Stan
How to compensate for small errors that could greatly distort observed ratios?
How can we get different mean and median values for residuals when working with the same dataset?
How to prove there is no finite-dimensional feature space for Gaussian RBF kernel?
When to use non-parametric regression?
What does this formula (to derive the annualized volatility for the VaR) mean?
The biggest difference between medical statistics and biological statistics
Visualization of binned frequency distribution in R
Harmonic mean with zero value
Advice needed on optimal sensor selection and rules inference
Why is there no analytic solution for logistic regression?
KL distance in R
Minimum number of levels for a random effects factor?
Help with designing the analysis of a radio telemetry study
Does it make sense to apply a chi-squared test on a contingency table when the whole population has been surveyed?
Maximising the correlation between vectors vs minimising the angle between them
Scaling mixed models for PCA using dudi.mix
How to understand / visualize the error surface in online learning algorithms
AIC for non-nested models: normalizing constant
libsvm reaching max number of iterations warning and cross-validation
Transformation optimizing stationarity of the residual of a regression
dose response and lethal dose 50 analysis
Relation between reduced chi square and Akaike criterion
How to combine the responses of two sensors?
Use of the Gamma parameter with support vector machines
Understanding regression results when data are subsetted
Multivariate time series simulation in RapidMiner?
EM algorithm - the values of likelihood and complete likelihood for different starting values
Sufficiency in Lehmann Scheffe
Synthetic Model Object
Logistic regression: fixed effects for firms, countries & years
Fiducial distribution and sequential monte-carlo algorithm
Effect of varying outcome duration in longitudinal studies
Logistic regression with repeated measures?
How do I reject or fail to reject the null hypothesis that p1 = p2 = p3 = p4?
How do I correctly analyze my live, dead, missing individuals between sites?
Claiming validity of a study's negative finding
How to do estimation, when only summary statistics are available?
Why does a finite, irreducible and aperiodic Markov chain with a doubly-stochastic matrix P have a uniform limiting distribution?
When someone says residual deviance/df should ~ 1 for a Poisson model, how approximate is approximate?
How do I estimate and interpret a forecast made by Minitab?
When simulating a bivariate normal distribution, why is $\rho$ chosen instead of estimated from the data?
Singular covariance matrix in Mahalanobis distance in Matlab
Wilcoxon signed rank statistic
Change detection in circular data
How to use triple exponential smoothing to forecast in Excel
Can you compare Cramer's V and Spearman's $\rho$ values?
K-means Mahalanobis vs Euclidean distance
How likely are various outcomes in a lottery with multiple prizes
Framing the negative binomial distribution for DNA sequencing
Is ANCOVA proper for my experiment?
Iterative proportional fitting and independent variables
Strange behavior of predictive model gain curve
Random assignment: why bother?
Error distribution for linear and logistic regression
Is it possible to have xerror increased in a tree using rpart?
Does lm() use partial correlation - R Squared Change?
Why is random assignment important in stratified sampling?
ROC curve for discrete classifiers like SVM: Why do we still call it a curve?, Isn't it just a point?
Calculating necessary sample size using bootstrap
Understanding the output of lme
Why do Anova( ) and drop1( ) provided different answers for GLMMs?
Poisson is to exponential as Gamma-Poisson is to what?
Difference between kappa and delta in mixed-effects model
Regarding Transition Probability Matrix
Is a vector of normal random variables ever -not- multivariate normal
How do you get lmFuncs functions of the rfe function in caret to do a logistic regression?
Decomposition of the sum of two random variables
Minimal number of points for a linear regression
How do item loadings in PCA / FA relate to the true factors in an instrument?
Confidence and prediction intervals of linear regression model
Two negative beta's in a curvilinear regression when mean centered or using standardized values
What does $E_yT_y$ mean?
When subject-based analysis is better than answer-based (and vice versa)?
Conservativeness of tests based on a discrete random variables
Using coefficient of variation as the DV in OLS regression
Is there a simple way of detecting outliers?
Probability of visiting all other states before return
Computing limiting transition probabilities with absorbing states
When is regressing out factors serially, equivalent to a simultaneous model?
Comparing predictive validity of separate IVs on single DV
Repeated measures: aggregate, fixed effects, or random effects?
Making sense of a factor analysis application
Rules of Thumb to choose an initial number of class intervals and refine that choice (potentially automatically)
Can within- and between-subjects data ever differ systematically?
Analyse within-subjects data where participants get exposed to some but not all treatments
Comparing incidence rates
shorth function in R and microarray analysis
Do correlated and/or derived fields require special consideration when using Random Forest?
Interpreting a confidence interval.
Time series Modelling - Forecasting for weekly incidents
Viterbi realignment
In R, how can I transform to normalize residuals when I have a U-shaped Q-Q plot?
How to determine which variables are statistically significant in multiple regression?
What is the relationship between 10-fold CV RMSE and test set RMSE score?
R boot package bootstrap
How many factors to retain in EFA (Exploratory Factor Analysis)?
What processes could generate Laplace-distributed (double exponential) data or parameters?
Prediction with Bayesian networks in R
Cross validation as a measure of SVM generalizability
Post hoc test of adjusted means (after ANCOVA)
Simultaneous heteroscedasticity and heavy tails in a regression model
What are easy to interpret, goodness of fit measures for linear mixed effects models?
Introductory reading on Copulas
How to design and implement an asymmetric loss function for regression?
Acquire formula from experimental values
Uncovering class labels based on conditional or prior class probability
Should neural net training data reflect the proportions to be expected in real data
Power analysis with weighted survey data
Why are the residuals in this model so linearly skewed?
Good clustering Java library
Rule of thumb - number of predictors - Poisson regression  rates
Advantages of doing double lasso or performing lasso twice?
Creating a correlated prior
Is there a minimum sample size required for the t-test to be valid?
How to get prediction intervals at mean & at max of covariate values in R
How do I calculate the Bayes error of a multivariate normal Bayesian classifier?
Variance unbiased?
Confirmatory factor analysis (CFA) before complete SEM model: one CFA for each scale or one CFA for all of the scales together?
Detecting outliers using standard deviations
Multiple regression analysis with a dependent variable which can be split into more variables
Poisson regression for binary data
When sampling without replacement from a given distribution, what's the total expected weight of the last k sampled items?
Eighth order moment
Comparing performance after CV over a single dataset : does it violate the independence assumption?
Interpretation of spatial Gcross plots
Using $\chi^2$ to compare two Markov transition matrices
Problem calculating, interpreting regsubsets and general questions about model selection procedure
Interpretation for simple slope analysis for curvilinear regression with interaction effects
Errors-in-variables regression: is it valid to pool data from three sites?
Mean Survival Time Cox Regression
Can I perform an exhaustive search with cross-validation for feature selection?
If $Y \sim geometric(P)$ and $P \sim \mathcal B(2, 1)$ how to compute $E(Y)$ and marginal pmf of $Y$?
Good resources for learning Probabilistic Graphical Models
Has Understanding Monte Carlo Markov Chain by Roberts and Tweedie ever been published?
Confidence intervals for proportions (prevalence)
Robust regularized regression
Some questions about statistical randomness
Clustering algorithm and distance function for sets
Using multinomial regression's coefficients to derive predicted outcomes in C#
Seeking an effect-size measure for simple effects in binary logistic regression in SPSS
How many user interactions do I need to perform search relevance experiment?
Prediction interval for robust regression with MM-estimator
Need help to calculate and maximize cost-effective solution
Frequentist statistics references for someone well versed in modern probability theory
How to modify RankBoost to maximize area under recall-precision curve instead of AUC?
Negative coefficient in ordered logistic regression
Correlation and non-normal distributions
How to deal with high correlation among predictors in multiple regression?
What are good references for the different methods of combining p-values?
Do quasi random number generators sample only uniform distribution?
Paired versus unpaired t-test
How to understand the data of company's revenues
Dixon test and normal distribution
Standard normal distribution on a subspace
How do I interpret the covariance matrix from a curve fit?
Getting different results when plotting 95% CI ellipses with ggplot or the ellipse package
Parallel lines on residual vs fitted plot
Robust standard error in generalized least squares regression
How to estimate the deposit mix of a bank using interest rate as the independent variable?
Poker winrate statistical test
Estimating hyperparameter in basis functions (Gaussian and sigmoid) for linear regression
What are some non-uniform random number generators not relying on uniform random number generators?
Different prediction score for two SVM-based classifiers
Recall and AUC of a binary classifier
Correcting biased polling
Common parameters for conditional likelihood
How to calculate absolute fit indices (RMSEA, GFI...) from relative ones (AIC, BIC...)?
Is there any problem with a Bayesian setting that gives positive prior probability on malformed events?
How to report the standard deviation of a sample of averages?
What are good ways of visualizing many effects ordered in groups and subgroups?
Factor analysis or just stick with compare means?
Why is my bootstrap function for paired samples t test in R not returning the same result as SPSS?
How to assess overdispersion in Poisson GLMM, lmer( )
Significant regression coefficients but non-significant bivariate correlations
Durbin-Watson  test for residuals of SARIMA(1,1,1) in R
Can't find p-values in the output from lmer() in the lm4 package in R
Mixed effect model
Zero-inflated negative binomial mixed-effects model in R
Sample distribution for Kullback-Leibler distance
Iteration of the $\alpha$ parameter in a beta distribution yields a beta distribution?
Is it possible to determine the relationship between X and Y, with only X and Z, where Z = X + Y?
Cronbach's alpha continuous and dichotomous data in SPSS
Implementation of CRF in python
Low classification accuracy, what to do next?
What is the probability of an occurrence within an interval
Neural net cost function for Hyperbolic Tangent activation
How do I find a 95% percent ML confidence interval of the probability of category 5 strength
L1 norm linear function estimation
k nearest neighbor with decision tree
What differences and relations are between common random numbers, antithetic variates, and control variates
Pairwise deletion in multiple regression
Seasonal differencing in Arima function in forecast package in R
Generalizing Add-one/Laplacian Smoothing
Gaussian Like distribution with higher order moments
Fit an arbitrary PDF
method of moments with variance=$\sigma^2$
Doubt on Covariance Matrix in Weighted Least Square Estimation
How robust is Pearson's correlation coefficient to violations of normality?
Decision boundaries from coefficients of linear discriminants?
How to model data in jags/bugs generated by taking the minimum of two random variables?
Running it multiple times in No-Limit Hold'em poker
How do I decide which family of variance/link functions to use in a generalized linear model?
Why does standard error not involve population size?
Expected value of a natural logarithm
Sample size for EFA
If p > n, the lasso selects at most n variables
Sum of Gamma distributions
Testing median, and distribution of Binomial
Where to find graphical explanations for various classification models?
Terminology for different types of epidemiological variable
Is it possible to interpret standardized beta coefficients for quantile regression?
What is the number of subjects needed to be representative for a small, finite population?
How to deal with death in disease-free survival analysis?
Independence in a sum relationship
10-fold cross validation
Looking for a good followup to the Stanford AI course
Is it possible to have a variable that acts as both an effect modifier and a confounder?
Hyperplane problem in linear congruent generator
How to calculate the confidence interval of a regression prediction given a particular value for a binary predictor?
factorial with missing cells R
Consistency of estimator
Showing independence
Rank correlation statistics comparison
Alternative to sieve / mosaic plots for contingency tables
Organizing cluster analysis results in a database
What is the colloquial name for the look elsewhere effect?
Report coefficients or odds ratio in ordinal logit/probit?
Use of generalisation error in the process of NN training
Is it necessary to report the bivariate correlations when reporting logistic regression?
How to choose between z and t in 2 sample (non-paired) tests?
Small Sample, Low Baseline in DV, Interaction anyway?
Interpreting three forms of a mixed model
Standard errors of estimates vary in PROC REG and PROC GENMOD!
Why doesn't the Cramer-Rao lower bound apply?
Learning classifier system frameworks
Looking for significant variability of categorical data in columns of data frame
Is matching only for treatment effects with selection bias?
Detecting initial trend or outliers
interpreting chi square value for validating random numbers
Ratio between two densities
Is it ok to fit a Bayesian model first, then begin weakening priors?
Question about weighted logistic regression
What causes the discontinuity in the distribution of published p-values at p < .05?
Notation in GBM package vignette: expected value of loss functions
The general approaches for improving a SVM-based classifier which is low precision and high recall
Probability of independent events within a specified window
simple linear regression vs. multilevel modeling when the main interest is at individual-level
Bayesians: slaves of the likelihood function?
Can I define an $R^2$-like measure in this way when predicting with exotic loss functions?
How to calculate the combined standard error of two models?
Can one have two random variables, perfectly correlated, but with different variances (as percent of their mean)?
Factoring simple Markov network
local polynomial regression standard errors
Measurement error in dependent variable (type I or II error)
How to make prediction models more interpretable?
Power analysis for binomial data when the null hypothesis is that $p = 0$
Life table probabilities
Confusion between sample and population
Conjugate of Weibull with shape known
Independence of a single sample?
Clusters produced by R intersect 
Coefficients and binomial mixed linear models
Matlab RandomForest prediction error calculation
Strategies for introducing advanced statistics to various audiences
Regressing on many outcomes in a spatial model
Combination of multinomial logit model and logit model
Route to understanding and implementing statistical timing models
Calculating standard errors for contrasts of parameter estimates of a (multiple) linear regression
Does using count data as independent variable violate any of GLM assumptions?
Discrepancy between lagged lm() and lagsarlm()
How to deal with quasi-complete separation in a logistic GLMM?
Principal component analysis, bootstrap and probability of eigenvalue collision?
Is maximin a machine learning algorithm?
Marginal effects with logistic generalized additive model in R
Beta distribution from mean and quantile
Increase in rates over time
RandomForests in Matlab and outliers detection
What do I do if my predicted values are out of the dependent variable range?
What does a chi-square value of zero means in CFA?
If MGF exists, does it imply that all $E(X^n)$ exist?
Completely different results from lmer() and lme()
How does a Poisson distribution work when modeling continuous data and does it result in information loss?
(Quantile regression) Which standard error for heteroscedasticity & serial correlation
Simulation of covariates in regression
10-fold CV performance test: need to use same folds for both evaluated algorithms?
Identification of parameters problem
Creating ROC curve for multi-level logistic regression model in R
Distribution of norms of vectors whose components have a known distribution?
Is output of Deamer deconvolution not a density?
How do you estimate correlations between ordinal and binary data in SPSS?
Converting SPSS syntax for regression to Stata commands
Logistic regression classifier with non-negative weights constraint
When submitting analyses to FDA how does using R affect issues of software validation?
Representation of standard deviation in statistical range
(Quantile regression) AR(1) variable in the design matrix
Conditional distribution of $X$ given $|X|$
Newey West standard errors give me more significance
How to compare results obtained by non-linear regression
Why are the coefficients of the first principal component all of the same sign?
Using interaction term for describing non-linear relationship in regression model
Model building, p value of GLM for whole model?
What formula is needed to calculate the average adjusted gross income by zip code?
Is the following an error-in-variance problem, and is there a recommended R (or SAS) package for it?
How to test statistical significance of coherence coefficients in spectral analysis?
Optimization of an objective function with noise
Crazy divergence in mixed model - chains start well but go crazy later
Using computer simulations to better understand statistical concepts at the graduate level
Is Cox regression analysis including demographic covariates required for observational studies instead of Kaplan-Meier?
Initialization in pLSA
Latent Dirichlet allocation Implementation
Matlab tool for nonlinear mixed effects
Interpreting R summary output
First iteration in MCMC coda chain is different from initial values
Visualizing mixed model results
Are matrix decomposition based Kalman filter algorithms faster or more robust?
Correlated factors in a global model
How to display concentration data in space?
Using MGF for multivariate random variables
Comparison over time of categorical data and between two groups
Finding expectation of log
Comparing Beta weights in HLM?
Metric and Clustering Method
Difference between canonical correpondence analysis and canonical correlation analysis
RMSE vs. Coefficient of Determination
Which kind of statistical exact test should I use?
Ratio of Range to IQR vs. Coefficient of Variation -- which is the more useful robust measure?
Prediction and explanation of user rating based on multiple criteria
Reference for dummy variable regression for repeated measurements
Fit Inverse Gamma Distribution to dataset in R
Negative value in density deconvolution
How to determine the best number of weak classifiers to use in adaboost without overfitting the data
Conflicting Answers from Marketing Test: Both Answers are Statistically Significant
Bootstrap confidence interval programming
Transform continuous variables for logistic regression
Meaning of p-values for an interaction between a categorical variable (w/ >2 cats) & continuous variable
How do you find causal relationships in data?
Confidence intervals vs sample size?
Determining largest contributor in a group
How to examine interactions between factor and covariate in a mixed effects model?
Conditional Expectation of Multivariate Distributions
Given two dependent sequences, predict next output for one of them
Skewed variables in factor analysis
Box-Ljung test on white noise series
Reference on Path Analysis
Covariance of a variable and a linear combination of other variables
Visual depiction of experimental treatments in (Poisson) ANCOVA?
Safely determining sample size for A/B testing
sample size for well-established questionnaire
Resource to read about distributions
SVM low accuracy but significant p value
Papers on the risks of using regular subsets
How do I establish shape and scale parameters?
What are features that distinguish clustering, blind signal separation and dimensionality reduction?
How to interpret regression coefficients when outcome variable was transformed to $1 / \sqrt{Y}$?
Practical applications of affinity propagation
Spatial interpolation of vectors in vector fields
Tobit with difference-in-differences specification
Numeric solvers for stochastic differential equations in R: are they any?
Posterior density of nonlinear random effects
Systematic vs. statistical error
Formative model identification problem using SEM
Order statistics of absolute value of bivariate normal distribution
Outliers change the sign of linear relation
How to add outliers to an existing data?
Simple introduction to linear models in R
Dichotomizing when variable is skewed
How to calculate power (or sample size) for a multiple comparison experiment?
Given a normal distribution, a mean, and standard deviation what is the probability a Variable is in a range
Hierarchical decomposition of an imbalanced multiclass classification problem
Stata's tsset in panel with two time dimensions
Manipulating ordinal variables to segment data
Physical meaning of correlation?
Regression and multiple comparison methods for data where each available category is ranked
Runs Test and Chi Square Distribution
How do I calculate the p-value for each mutual information?
What machine learning algorithms are good for estimating which features are more important?
How do I interpret this McNemar's agreement plot generated by SAS?
How to sum cluster data?
Clear description of PCA using SVD
Hypothesis test for odds ratios
Normal approximation to the binomial distribution
any alternative to kaggle for data mining & analysis competitions and training?
pairwise t test or Tukey's test?
Find a general normal stationary process
Heckman selection model with difference-in-differences specification
How to generate correlated random numbers (given means, variances and degree of correlation)?
Survival analysis w/ repeated observations of experimental and control units within periods of differing size & trends over the periods
Robust regression: possible with ordered data?
Confusion regarding a probability problem
Using sentiment lexicons or all words processing for sentiment analysis?
Classification datasets with categorical features and a lot of classes
How to test group differences when neither parametric nor nonparametric assumptions are met?
Validating a logistic regression for a specific $x$
Properties of conditional probability distributions
Machine learning approach to a selection problem
What is the nonparametric variant of multivariate ANOVA with more than one one factor (and with interactions between factors)?
What does return rate mean in population ecology models?
Can you reproduce this chi-squared test result?
What function of distance for the questionnaire data?
Non negative lasso implementation in R
Random forest like techniques (bagging, random feature subset) for SGD methods
When should one _avoid_ Bootstrapping?
Linear mixed effects vs. Repeated Measures
High-dimensional Regression Datasets
Computing and comparing semantic networks generated by grouped individuals
If I have good reason to expect a certain value as the sample mean and I obtain something very different, should I obtain another sample?
How to understand the notation behind the standarded residuals?
Unfold degrees of freedom of interaction in factorial design analysis in R
Looking for ways to compare between coxph models
Inequality for bivariate normal distribution
Predicting time interval based on statistics
What makes values from two features equal for the purposes of constructing a maximum entropy model?
Specifying the Form of Prior, Likelihood and Posterior Distributions for Bayesian Analysis
Intuition behind result for binomial
Why is the Jeffreys prior useful?
Mean residual life
How robust is the Independent Samples t Test when the distributions of the samples are non-normal?
Balancing servers and users
Factoring risk of ruin into binomal calculation
Choosing complexity parameter in CART
Deseasonalizing count data
Statistical test suggestion
Should I use missing value using imputation or listwise or pairwise deletion methods?
Relationship between LASSO T and LARS number of steps k
Joint distribution of two distances
Using lme to analyse a complete randomized block design with repeated measures: Is my model correct?
Overall type I error with dependent tests
Assessing scale reliability: how to get the p-value for corrected item-total correlation?
When is quantile regression worse than OLS?
Can this be considered close to normally distributed?
Identifying fraudulent questionnaires
Clustering time series with wavelets in R
Survival Analysis with Multiple Events
Seeking for a fast non parametic clustering algorithm
Testing if a proportion is different between groups
Which are the most effective clustering ensembles?
What to use, k-means or hierarchical clustering for presence absence data?
How to reduce the number of variables in cluster analysis?
How to measure shape of cluster?
Ordinal predictors in linear multiple regression in SPSS or R
How does neural network recognise images?
Maximum likelihood estimation and the n-th order statistic
How should I handle a left censored predictor variable in multiple regression?
how Neural Network works on image recognition
what is the way of dealing with textual valued feature vectors for classification task?
How to predict the probability of a performance rank for a test taker on a future test based on previous test scores?
P-value for multinomial distribution
How to make inferences about a group based on test scores?
Variance explained for binomial proportions
Does variance predict skewness?
Showing that 0 is positive recurrent
Proper similarity measure for clustering
Are PCA solutions unique?
Which logit/probit model do I use for multiple reponse/dependent variables?
How robust are multivariate methods to violations of normality?
Similarity measure between two colors?
Variance of nominal variable?
Can we see shape of normal curve somewhere in nature?
Nonparametric alternative to ANOVA for testing the difference between several brand preferences
Can I prove a curvilinear relationship when the linear independent variable is not significant
How to add confidence intervals to predicted data when the response variable is log transformed
How to do feature selection for learning from positive and unlabeled examples?
Quantile regression with dummy variable that's equal to 0 over most $t$
How to interpret coefficients in a regression with ARIMA errors?
Reporting contrasts between binary probability parameters in Bayesian data analysis - odds ratios or difference in probability?
PCA, ICA and Laplacian eigenmaps
Computing autocorrelation from weighted samples
Image Clustering with K-means - Postprocessing
Confused about simple hypothesis testing question
Correlation and coefficients in ols
Distribution of $R^2$ for pairs of random variables
How to sample transactions to estimate customer-level effects
Confusion related to calculation of pi
Showing that the power of a test approaches 1 as the sample size approaches infinity
Clustering of time series
Distance independent approximation of Nearest Neighbor/k-NN.
How to generate a probability of x given a value of y and a distribution?
Nonparametric chi-square test
Nested or Split plot
How should I present linear regression output in a table format?
Percentile Ranks in Matlab
Permutation test to test significance of skewness/kurtosis of two distributions?
Confusion related to MCMC technique
k-parameter Newton-Raphson maximisation
kMeans - acceptable value for WCSS
How do you express the quadratic equation in terms of mu and variance?
How to enter/analyze likert data
Not sure how to work out SSG and SSE in ANOVA table
Periods in history of statistics
extractSeqFromW function
Omega vs. alpha reliability
Topic modeling, LDA and NMF
Relations between distributions
Had statisticians predicted 2008 financial crisis?
What is $s_x$ in Pearson correlation?
How to compare multiple groups of unblanced repeated measures non normal data?
Benjamini-Hochberg dependency assumptions justified?
Maximum entropy priors in infinite dimensional spaces
Temporal association rules with arulesSequences with quantities
Is it true that any continuous probability distribution gives probability zero to any single element in the sample space?
Comparing regression coefficient with same model but two distinct samples
How many random permutations to cover all possible permutations?
Is R viable for production (deployed) code
Regression Lines With Same Intercept
PDF Manipulation for Bayesian analysis
Is concept of similarity objective?
How does one interpret SVM feature weights?
Which is better, SD or SE in line charts?
How to model repeated measures with time-varying covariates in SPSS?
Derivation of M-step for pLSA
How to determine the best relationship (linear, log, etc.) between input predictor variable(s) and output variable for multiple linear regression?
Calculating predictions and confidence intervals from a negative binomial distribution
Identifying a conditional posterior for $\mu$ and $\sigma^2$
Distributions on subsets of $\{1, 2, ..., J\}$?
Statistical test for whether a process is a red noise
Decision threshold for a 3-class Naive Bayes ROC curve
How far in future is call center workload accurate
How to plot 20 years of daily data in time series
What are some general rules or guidelines about choosing between color and 3 axes for 3D plotting?
Does preclustering help to build a better predictive model?
Correlated alpha-stable processes with different alpha values
Is centering needed when bootstrapping the sample mean?
Calculate one median for data from five experimental repetitions
How can I separate each of 100 observations into groups as determined by the data?
Type of model to use
Exponential distribution with negative scale parameter?
How to control for common method bias?
Fixed-sum question
A re-formalization of a conjugate prior?
Bayesian user survey with a credible interval
How to analyse a continuous response having a bimodal distribution?
Predicting a time-series based on level, season, and cycle
Factor analysis of scales at different levels of specificity
Variable importance assessed by MR vs. by Spearman's rank-order coefficient
Large deviation theory exercise
Determining statistical significance in election polls from the MoE / confidence interval
The impact of non-normality (contaminated normal) on type 1 error and power when sigma is known
How to derive the probability mass function for Zero-inflated Poisson Distribution?
Mann-Whitney U test with unequal sample sizes
Calculating the probability of the Nth sample in the birthday problem w/o knowing the previous samples
Detecting and preventing collusion in ratings
Computing a marginal posterior of a hierarchical model
How should I normalize my accelerometer sensor data?
Prove this theorem related with specification tests
Weak convergence of an empirical process. Demonstration
What is the difference between AdaBoost.M2, AdaBoost.M1, Gentle AdaBoost, RealAdaboost and the Original Adaboost?
Fisher's exact test for results of Wilcoxon-Mann-Whitney
Cox regression when reference group had zero events
How to find the exact and likelihood ratio p-value for a hypothesis test that a population sex ratio is 1:1?
ANCOVA/ANOVA: Testing different models against each other
How to know whether the change in CD4 population over different time points is significant
Winbugs and other MCMC without information for prior distribution
Fake uniform random numbers: More evenly distributed than true uniform data
Poisson regression assumptions and how to test them in R
How to compute the characteristic function of two random variables with different distributions?
Determining the roughness of a multidimensional optimization surface
Multivariate analysis techniques for fMRI data
When a random variable has a distribution whose parameter is another random variable
Recommendations on methods to predict sales data
How to do factor analysis for categorical data?
Regression discontinuity versus matching with spatial discontinuity
Understanding random samples
KL divergence between 2 distributions with unequal cardinalities?
Once again: paired versus unpaired t-tests
How to select best kernel parameters for radial basis function of SVM with fingerprint recognition?
Calculating R-squared values from a semivariogram
Two-sample one-sided Kolmogorov-Smirnov test vs one-sided Wilcoxon-Mann-Whitney test
Collaborative filtering and implicit ratings; normalization?
Perpendicular offsets in a weighted least squares regression
Determine different clusters of 1d data from database
Independence of residuals in a computer-based experiment/simulation?
Why do sampling distributions provide a major simplification on the route statistical inference?
Kalman filter consistency checks and debugging
Merging the results of a statistical test in different conditions and calculating p-value
Why is a test statistic called a test statistic
How to compare dependent variables with different units using Grammar of Graphics paradigm?
Kalman filter update returns an invalid covariance matrix?
What is a second order exponential decay function?
How can I classify images as normal or lesions using SVM?
How to encode factors as dummy variables when using stepPlr?
How to identify structural change using a Chow test on Eviews?
Grading a range of data
How exactly are standard errors of coefficients (factor levels) computed in a two-way ANOVA?
Repeated measures interaction betwen SNP and treatment with R
Effect of one independent variable of several dependent variables – best strategy?
Correlation of bivariate grouped data?
Problems with modeling a cumulative dependant variable
Prediction with caret and ctree
Computation of log-likelihood in semi-supervised naive bayes
Generating spatially uncorrelated random fields in R
How can I test if a marketing effort was successful?
How to report the results of Fisher's exact test for larger than 2 by 2 tables
Association between a categorical and binary variable
Degrees of freedom in my mixed model
How can I explain the intuition behind ANOVA?
Tobit model with corner solution and selection problem
Sample size for Pearson correlation and the reverse coded items for correlation analysis?
Comparing Z-scores & log transformed data
Mean structure and mean/variance relationship in regression
Adaboost feature weight calculation
Should false discovery be controlled at the data acquisition level, or should this be at the data interpretation level?
Comparing two objects rated by a bipolar scale
Predicting a dichotomous variable
Rates affecting rates
Where to start: Unevenly spaced time series, with lots of outliers or randomness
Is using the same data for feature selection and cross-validation biased or not?
Retrospective power analysis of samples from Poisson distributions
Is there a style guide for statistical graphs intended for presentations?
How to compute the standard error of the mean of an AR(1) process?
How do you interpret the results from ridge regression?
How to model binary dependent data with temporal autocorrelation?
How is it that the required sample size for a specified error and confidence is not dependent on population size?
Restricted Boltzmann machines vs multilayer neural networks
To chi square or not to chi square?
Can I interpret the inclusion of a quadratic term in logistic regression as indicating a turning point?
How to diagnose multicollinearity using the output of vif function in R?
Asymptotic normality of MLE in exponential with higher-power x
Z-scores and normalization in previously transformed data sets
Why are distributions important?
Why don't dummy variables have the continuous adjacent category problem in cluster analysis?
Tips for rejected Ljung-Box stats? Can Minitab model ARIMAX?
Interpreting regression results for aggregate data: does it make sense to refer to the average of average?
Learning hidden Markov model where transition/emission/initial probabilities aren't independent
Random effects vs fixed effects with balanced designs
How to understand the square of an AR(1) process?
Linear regression of time series with some repeated measures
Partition a zigzag-shaped time series
Whether to exclude a case from two analyses when the case is only an outlier in one?
Plot regression adjusted for covariate
Measure to capture clustering in time based event
What test to use to determine if someone is actually answering on a questionnaire vs. responding randomly
How do I calculate the ranking of some galleries based on the rankings of the artists represented by them?
LME() error - iteration limit reached
What can be concluded about coefficients?
Entering data on SPSS - Pre-Test Post-test Questionnaires on Emotion (with negative and positive values)
Testing for Spatial Autocorrelation in a Negative Binomial Regression Model
What are the problems with doing regression on sample means instead of ANOVA in a time series setting?
Understanding the random effect in linear mixed models (lme4, R)
Testing hierarchical data
Is Xorshift RNG good enough for Monte Carlo approaches? If not what alternatives are there?
How can I find the number of support vectors in an SVM, depending on kernel?
Does the sign of the adjusted residuals matter in a crosstable?
Can I validly expand the odds ratio analogously to the relationship between relative risk & the incidence rate ratio?
Extrapolate forecasts to present data
Statistical test to find variable causing failure
Multivariate normal - conditioning on absolute values
Convergence of random variables
Way to rank binary sequence
Comparing the result of a study which has unequal group sizes
A parellel between LSA and pLSA
Estimating fixed effects for ordinal regression
Number of needed samples for entropy estimation
Bayesian meta analysis of residual standard deviation using BUGS
Inconsistency of findings between Kappa and ICC for IRR study
Density calculation in K Means clustering
RandomForest - MDS plot interpretation
Is there an R package for continuous time longitudinal binary responses?
Determine which method predicts best given results from a simulation exercise
Question about combinations involving a caveat/exclusion
Coding single word responses into consistent
Adaptive regression splines in earth package R
Synthetic time series generation
Expectation of a minimum
Why is correlation between y and $\hat{y}$ in a model with and without intercept equal?
Sum of Squares reduction test: Convergence criteria met, but not all parameters of the model estimated
ARIMA Forecast Restrictions
a question on multiplicative SMV kernel
Are all values within a 95% confidence interval equally likely?
Feature construction and normalization in machine learning
Literature on robustness of regression assumptions
Spatial clustering with the constraint that all clusters have equal count
Box Cox Transforms for regression
Regression model with multimodal outcome
Constructing multilevel regression design matrix
Calculating R-square for Elastic Net
How many attempts to randomly draw all 7 cards out of 7 with replacement?
Statistical test for two-factor heteregeneously distributed samples
Strict Bonferroni - looking for p value
Testing marginal homogeniety with multivariate outcomes and matched pairs
Stepwise regression vs. elastic net
Tail inequality on sum of product of normal variables
Bias of variance/precision estimator using Gamma prior
Is a strong background in maths a total requisite for ML?
Statistical test for two datasets with different variance and mean
Conditional entropy of sum of random variables
Are there any other interpretations besides bayesian and frequentist?
Why can bigger sample size increase power of a test?
Dataset and outlier question
Multidimensional similarity analysis - graph similarity?
Not standardizing outcome, standardizing predictors only
How to rank film production companies based on weighted ranks?
Evaluation of classifiers: learning curves vs ROC curves
Obtaining the covariance matrix of a Gaussian random vector
If the likelihood principle clashes with frequentist probability then do we discard one of them?
Combination of 2 random variables that is perfectly correlated with another random variable
How to relate raw scores on five-point Likert to three conceptual categories?
Inverse Mills ratio after OLS
How to compute the confidence interval if I have 2 samples?
Experiment or simulation to undestand type I and type II errors
Importing Live sound stream in R
Why does log likelihood function for a model use SSE/n and not SSE/df?
Which one consider when dealing with dummy variables: Exact Sig. (2-sided) or Exact Sig. (1-sided)?
Difference between 'link function' and 'canonical link function' for GLM
F-test for lack of fit using R
Sum of deviations from the mean
Conditions under which the power curve is not smooth or continuous in Hypothesis testing
ARIMA model interpretation
Nested cross-validation for classification in MATLAB
In regression analysis what does taking the log of a variable do?
Where does the Gaussian function come from?
How to define contrast coefficient matrix?
Model from $\hat{Y}$s or model from residuals?
Continually updating naive Bayes classifier
How to implement a regression with non-independent observations in the DV?
Measure the uniformity of distribution of points in a 2D square
Can sub-optimality of various hierarchical clustering methods be assessed or ranked?
How do you assess a three-way interaction in a generalized multi-level model?
Reporting statistical significance for voluntary sample
Can confidence interval be equal to zero?
Polynomial kernel in logistic regression?
Comparison of stock market volatilities
Conversion between units of measurement
Testing anova hypothesis with contrasts in R and SPSS
Given a kernel, how to find mapping phi?
Intrarater reliability
Normalizing when doing count statistics of patient numbers on different arms of a clinical trial
probablistic output for binary SVM classification
Is there a better alternative to a logit / probit regression when all dependent variables are dichotomous?
some basic questions for process mining
Determine ratio constant and formula for an equitable score in my algorithm
When do we use the Durbin-Watson test?
Can a dichotomous variable (yes/no) be merged with a Likert measure (1,2,3,4) using z scores?
Is there a term for $P(A\cap B)/[P(A)P(B)]$?
How do I do nonlinear generalized estimating equations in SPSS
Joint distribution of two sums of correlated variables
Bootstrapping data for two variables
Unit-root test in Minitab
Density of Y = log(X) for Gamma-distributed X
Independent variable misclassification and statistical tests
What is the interpretation of generalized partial correlations?
Permutations exercises with alike objects; check my homework
Transformation of multivariate normal sum of chi-squared
Clustering with constraint size
Predicting ordered logit in R
No-simultaneous-events assumption of the Poisson process
Questions on bootstrap methods on calculating p-value
prediction interval for heteroscedastic data
Sampling weight when using regression or descriptive statistics
Determining the number of raters for inter-rater reliability
Advanced procedures using the Median statistic
Test for equal variance
Which vocabulary to use for a special version of the Rocchio classification algorithm?
Model simplification results in non normal residuals
Restricted Boltzmann Machines for regression?
Data analysis quizzes
Linear regression across $n$ samples
Normalization for dynamic Bayesian network inference?
Conditional Expectation / Estimator Confusion
How to detect interactions in a random forest model?
Selecting threshold for generalized Pareto distribution in R
Statistical Test for Analyzing Practice Test Data
frequentist coverage, and besides?
Variables for post-stratification weights?
Computing conditional expectations
Standardising the removal of outliers from a small data set
How to setup xreg argument in auto.arima() in R?
Why does a positive average squared cross-partial derivative indicate an interaction?
Prediction with CI - predict.glm doesn't have interval option
How to model a bounded lognormal dependent variable with many zeros
When are tertiary splits un/justified?
Visualizing two variables which have a very similar values
Fitting copula for discrete margins
Is data driven identification in a simultaneous equation model possible?
Application of Bayes' theorem
Can a neural network output represent a posterior probability?
Choosing the best analysis
Which probability distribution function applies to my problem?
Number of trees for Random Forest optimization using recursive feature elimination
Can two or more splits in a binary decision tree be made on the same variable?
How to calculate probability for n dependent events
Good Analytical Approach for a problem
REML vs ML stepAIC
Using the rejection sampling with the method of inversion
Interpreting coefficients of an interaction between categorical and continuous variable
Independent t-tests and Technical Indicators: Voodoo, Axes, and Objectivity
Calculating Adjusted $R^2$ in Polynomial Linear Regression with Single Variable
Simple way to algorithmically identify a spike in recorded errors
If my counts are from a proportion (resampling) of a sample, does it influence the confidence interval?
Fit lme in R with multiple levels of grouping and with correlation structure defined for more than inner-most level of grouping?
How do I analyze a 2x2 experiment with DV measured pre & post intervention?
Which model to use with repeated measures data that contains multiple binary dependent variables
Suitable data preprocessing for an image recognition task: normalization ,standardization or neither?
Using non-treatment factors to rank patients for receiving a treatment
Algebra for data confidence
Help computing asymptotic variance of a weird first difference estimator in a fixed effects model
Conditional Expectation
Using Bayesian Networks to Understand Expected Revenue
Constrained Regression in R: coefficients positive, sum to 1 and non-zero intercept
Can we use cross-validation to measure how well a distribution fits sample data?
Categorical Principal Component Analysis - using Count, Continuous, Ordinal variables together
Prediction interval for the one-way random effect ANOVA
Comparing proportions across more than 2 groups
How to use the SD of a normal sampling distribution to specify the gamma prior for the corresponding precision?
libSVM for unbalanced data
Residual, linear least squares and quality engineering
Sample/Filter nonuniformly distributed values so that result follows a uniform distribution
Non-parametric for two-way ANOVA (3x3)
The Sleeping Beauty Paradox
Estimating credit card default probabilities
What can I conclude from the following one way ANOVA result?
R packages or open source software for training Hidden Markov chains
Why am I getting a zero parameter estimate and SE for one of my variables in a logistic regression?
How to conduct predictor selection in a generalized linear mixed model?
Methods for sampling mutual independent and k-wise independent random variables
Mahalanobis distance on singular data
Specifying add and drop thresholds for stepwise regression in R
What is Mahalanobis distance, & how is it used in pattern recognition?
Justification for low/high or tertiary splits in ANOVA
Help with probabilities on a game I am making
Is there a distribution appropriate for a continuous variable skewed toward zero and able to include zero?
Latent groups in Bayes net with BUGS
Risk of extinction of Schrödinger's cats
How to estimate the probability that the mean of an unknown distribution is over a threshold given small sample size
How to produce a vector based on two probability distributions?
What's a good measure of spread near a threshold?
Autocorrelation of daily time-series using acf and pacf plots
SVD on a 65 million by 3.4 million sparse matrix
Shifted intercepts in logistic regression
Which metric use for problem of clustering spatial data of wind direction and speed?
Nonparametric equivalent of ANCOVA for continuous dependent variables
Taking logarithm transformation of variable for a regression
Modeling a 1D random walk with nonconstant probability in a point
K-Fold Cross Validation for mixed-effect models: how to score them?
Bootstrapping first, then data mine?
Combining normal distributions
Predicting percent of male and female party attendees
How to use Viterbi when there can be only one observation for a state
Model for predicting number of Youtube views of Gangnam Style
Monte Carlo calculation of value at risk
Multivariate linear regression vs neural network?
Cointegration testing with a dummy variable
Kullback-Leibler divergence: negative values?
Simple similarity comparison over time
Why are probability distributions denoted with a tilde?
Confusion related to semisupervised learning in random walk
Questions about acceptance rule of Metropolis algorithm
How to show operations on two random variables (each Bernoulli) are dependent but not correlated?
Trend of a few time points
Choosing between logistic regression and Mann Whitney/t-tests
SVM with only one type of label
Maximum entropy of dice
Ways to reduce high dimensional data for visualization
nth moment, for 0 < n < 1 or n <0, do they exist?
Comparing Unemployment Time Series
Being totally stuck at my master thesis: cant figure out this 3 equation SEM
Permutation paired test with signed statistic
How do you detect if a given dataset has multivariate normal distribution?
How to use libSVM for one-class SVM problems?
Comparison of Cox models
Determining whether two samples come from the same population and which hypothesis test is appropriate
Why can a polynomial of degree $>2$ not be a cumulant generating function?
Choosing c such that log(x + c) would remove skew from the population
I want to know how independent two variables are
Interpreting regression coefficients and economic significance
optimal choice of smooth.spline parameter?
Sample analysis
conditional mean
Regression coefficients without intercept
Independence of errors assumption in paired & independent samples t-test
Deducing a single variance from a covariance matrix
Using Student or Wilcoxon test on small sample without information on the normality of distribution
Sufficient, Complete Sufficient, UMVUE, Rao-Blackwell, Admissible. What are ties between these?
Test for effects of two categorical variables on a binary response variable?
List of situations where a Bayesian approach is simpler, more practical, or more convenient
How to calculate chi squared from mauchly of R's ezANOVA output?
Error of generalized classifier performance
What does a large t-statistic mean?
What is point-wise variance?
Validation of flow cytometer (Facs Canto II)
Sparse matrix representation of a spline interpolation
Best practice when analysing placebo-controlled within-subject designs (cross-over trial)
simple repeated measures syntax - lme vs. lmer
Sources for learning (not just implementing) statistics/math through R
Are Measurements made on the same patient independent?
What can I conclude about lack of fit?
Any reference book for the axiom of indifference or insufficient reason
Covariance of INID order statistics
How does confidence interval vary with sample size?
Whether to use linear regression or not
How to actually plot a sample tree from randomForest::getTree()?
Compare Regression Coefficients
poisson vs logistic regression
Least Squares Estimators' Forms
Creating formula object for coxph()
How to decide whether to reuse old code or reinvent the wheel?
Interpreting elliptic shape in visualization of high-dimensional dataset, e.g. COIL-20?
Consider the sum of $n$ uniform distributions on $[0,1]$, or $Z_n$. Why does the cusp in the PDF of $Z_n$ disappear for $n \geq 3$?
Simple MLE Question
What type of tool/statistic should I use to inspect two misaligned time series of different granularity?
Does any one know what is the P value when F=37.45; df1=5; df2=40 in a one way anova F test?
Bayesian absolute loss function
Repeated measure ANOVA
Performing correlation analysis on a variable with separate count columns
What to do after removing autocorrelation and heteroscedasticity in eviews?
Which test should I use for comparing the change of two samples‏
Most effective use of colour in heat/contour maps
Estimate of $\sigma^2$ in a simple linear regression when $H_0: \beta = 0$ is true
Help on Regression Analysis (ROC, multinomial)
Good CFA fit indices, but poor fit indices at structural equation modeling
Prejudice in blind test
Controlling type I error in permutation tests
What is the difference between GARCH and ARMA
Mixed model runs well in R whereas a random effect has only one level
Linear contrast OLS - Simultaneous
Software quality control references
How to cluster standard errors (by country) using SPSS?
Expectation notations
Are there packages for fitting ordinal logistic/probit mixed models with random slopes in R?
Evaluation method when using a large training set and a small test set
Hypothesis testing for Pareto distributions
Logistic regression: big difference in predicted values and highly significant, but poor goodness of fit
Intuition and uses for coefficient of variation
Formal way of defining a weighted average
How can I model a proportion with BUGS/JAGS/STAN?
Regarding precision and recall for the highly unbalanced validation data set
How to get the prediction values for two response variables from random forest?
Ordinal regression with categorical covariates and predictors
Model comparison
Resampling and Huber-White
Hypothesis testing with the geometric distribution
Variance of sample median
Significant regression for the dichotomised predictor variable and not the continuous version of a predictor variable?
Specification and interpretation of interaction terms using glm()
Interpret regression coefficients after WLS
Logistic Regression - Predicting an event with a couple time-related issues
Confusion related to the bagging technique
How do I compute sales forecasts?
Newey-West standard errors with cross-sectional OLS?
Fisher Distance for feature selection
Calculating similarity and clustering question
What does the z-score mean in plain English (in A/B split testing)?
Bootstrapping robust regression
What is a 'bagplot', or 'bivariate boxplot'?
Anscombe transform & Anderson-Darling test failure
Covariance and Correlation in Regression Model
Quantile regression and heteroscedasticity/autocorrelation
Can I apply a t-test to normalized data?
Article recommendation dataset
Hierarchical models for multiple comparisons - multiple outcomes context
Learning from relational data
Factoring in self selection bias
Poisson process thinning females and males arriving
comparison of sets of binary sequences
Stock & Watson Dynamic Ordinary Least Squares in R
Sensible to include ratio as a variable in logistic regression?
Computing confidence region for Gaussian mixture model
Output of one-tailed Wilcoxon sign rank test in R
Classifiers with post-training constraints on the prediction space
How is a prediction interval generated for many input observations?
Legitimate IV for panel?
Can I use boostrapping, why or why not?
Normalization of likelihood
Imputation of missing response variables
Sign flipping when adding one more variable in regression and with much greater magnitude
Entropy (individuals equally high on all items vs. high on only few items)
How to interpret coefficients of a multivariate mixed model in lme4 without overall intercept?
Simple question Maximum Likelihood
Confidence Interval of estimator for the exponential distribution
Book recommendations for biostatisticians in CRO and pharmacy
How does further dividing the population increase confidence?
How to understand a note for the distribution of the sample for confidence interval?
Expected number of winners in this basket-like betting game?
Contrasts in repeated mesures ANOVA in R
How well can multiple regression really control for covariates?
Hypothesis testing with very high z value
How do you show explained variation in cforest?
Null hypothesis rejection with Kolmogorov-Smirnov
Correlations over 6yrs higher than any individual 1yr correlation over the same period
How to do ANOVA write-up when there is no significant effect at all?
How to calculate the 'loss' in information when decreasing sample size?
Why the data should be resampled under null hypothesis in bootstrap hypothesis testing?
Why does increasing the number of features reduce performance?
Generate correlated AR process for given correlation between demand series
I am use caret package to do model comparion and met error message
What is the root mse in stata?
Prediction results for two response variable from random forest
In R, why are results different for 1-tailed wilcoxsign_test, wilcox_test, and wilcox.exact with paired data?
Which statistical test to test if counts from different populations are actually different? t-test versus chi-squared
How and why do normalization and feature scaling work?
Do I discuss the lack of interaction if I already discussed lack of main effects?
Book on data modeling
Is the Wilcoxon paired rank test appropriate for this data?
What are pure random sampling and orthogonal sampling?
When to use robust standard errors in Poisson regression?
What is the relationship between substitution cost matrix and indel costs?
Are there any good popular science book about statistics or machine learning?
An analytical framework for considering the geometric mean
Getting positive definite matrix for chol update
R fitting Poisson distribution with weighting
Attainable correlations for lognormal random variables
Vector error correction model
Time consistency of interaction effect in GLM
Server Monitoring
What alternatives are there for dataset reduction beside the random sampling?
What level to use when comparing subjects in a hierarchical Bayesian analysis?
What test/method is suited for analysing and modeling answers from a survey?
Latent Variables
Small n: non-parametric of parametric tests?
Choosing which data-point to label (active learning)
Can lack of main effect and lack of interaction be caused by the same confound?
R libraries for deep learning
Summarizing k-fold cross validation results
How can I calculate the statistical power of a MI based likelihood ratio test with many df?
Mann-Whitney test with ties
Negative binomial regression does not converge
ANOVA variable that is both BETWEEN & WITHIN
Causation implication
Compilation error in JAGS
What makes a GLM estimate the means differently from the actual sample means?
How to set the non-centrality parameter of the chi-squared distribution in terms of sample size for a power calculation
Bayesian Updating for a Discrete Rating Value
Computation of Maximization probabilities of the EM algorithm
Finding mean when class sizes are unequal
Using an example, show that $C$ does not have to be a field
Interpretation of intercept in ANCOVA
Why can't Bayesian variable selection be used with categorical variables with more than 2 levels?
Efficiency and the number of regressors?
Formatting graphs and figures: why and when is it bad to include horizontal lines?
Growing a classification tree manually
Random forests with bagging and range of feature values
What statistics to use when the data are polynomial functions (aka change over time)?
How to return means from Effects package?
Drawing without replacement with a twist
Finding t distribution values for uniform and exponential functions
Independence of mutually exclusive dummies in same regression?
Confidence interval for proportions
Can statistics based on crude units of measure be improved?
What are the red lines in quantile regression plot (quantreg package)?
Framework for reinforcement learning for games
Average of rate of change in a set of independent change events
Old empirical research that is wrong in light of modern theoretical work
Probability error - binary message
How to calculate Paths to the White House using R?
How to do repeated measures ANOVA for two groups in SPSS and 12 time points?
Extracting numbers from excel table items for diagram visualization
How to test for differences between two group means when the data is not normally distributed and the sample size is small?
Calculating eta squared from F and df
highly correlated features and high ranking
Classification error is lower when I don't do any learning on the dataset?
PCA eigenvectors with dimensionality reduction
Computing marginals on a graphical model in Python
What prior distributions could/should be used for the variance in a hierarchical bayesisan model when the mean variance is of interest?
Difference between two groups of unequal age
Confusion related to likelihood
What statistics are sufficient?
What are complete sufficient statistics?
Dirichlet posterior
High kurtosis and bad skewness
Generating non-zero binomial probabilities (n,k ) with small p and large n - k
Bayesian hypothesis testing and Bayes factors
How to account for a regressand affecting a regressor?
Find the partial correlation coefficient $r_{1p.2468}.$
What are the different types of averages?
Reliable factors
How to do an instrumental variables regression with an instrumented interaction term in Stata?
Var(X) is known, how to calculate Var(1/X)?
Probability of collision (two bivariate normal distributions)
How to get $P(X < x)$ and $P(X \geq x)$?
Regression with dependent observations
What are the (best) methods for multiple comparisons correction with bootstrap for multiple glm models?
Within model with plm package
Multi-stage sampling together with hierarchical/ mixed effects models: which R packages?
Negative number of parameters in hierarchical bayesian model
Experimentially proving that random variables are independent
ID3 and C4.5: how does “gain ratio” normalize “gain”?
Fuzzy regression discontinuity design and exclusion restriction
Getting started with projection analysis
ANCOVA to check effect of covariate
Parameter estimation of a power spectrum equal to a power law + white noise
Is it OK to use the CLT to create a normal distribution where there is none?
Non-parametric alternative for 2-way ANOVA
Using the Lagrange multiplier statistic in regression
Confidence intervals and pairwise comparisons
Possible catch 22 with Neyman's optimal allocation
Comparison of frequency tables over time
What are the optimizations or goals to consider when using stratified sampling?
Optional stopping rules not in textbooks
How to optimize hyper-parameters in LDA?
Interactions make terms significant in regression when they should not be
How do I interpret a probit model in Stata?
Classification on principal components
Bootstrap confidence intervals for partitioned variances in R
Compare two survival curves for paired data
Nonparametric test statistics for non-equal sample sizes
Why doesn't the method of moments work when calculating the variance of the inverse gamma distribution?
How can I normalize two sets of probabilities?
Alternative to 2-way ANOVA when variances are unequal
How do I estimate sample size for a single-sample equivalence test?
illustrate interaction without ANOVA, other methods?
The product distribution: how fast does dissimilarity increase as a function of number of samples?
Creating a recommender system for shoe sizing
Comparing sample profiles
training approaches for highly-imbalanced data set
Compute gaussian fit corresponding to a discrete variable
Breakpoints and non linear regression
How one can improve correlation (higher rho values) on non normal distributions?
Rank-one nonnegative matrix factorization
What are the multidimensional versions of median
Calculating the K-fold cross validation confusion matrix
Really a knifes edge?
What is the best source to start learning SAS?
Combining multiple similarity measures
How to prove that averaging averages of different partitions of a dataset produces the same overall average
How to define a posterior probability of y given x when the model is not probabilistic?
Why does the y-intercept of a linear model disappear when I standardize variables?
Independence over time
Verification of a regression model
Using z-Score for multiple comparisons
Sum of normally distributed variables is a normally distributed variable?
Non-conventional form for a full conditional
Average of ongoing durations
How to determine calibration accuracy/uncertainty of a linear regression?
Binomial Distribution & t-Test
Constrained Classification Problem
Wolfram Mathematica, MATLAB or something else?
A limit theorem for non-independent variables
Non-algebric curve-fitting along weighted pointcloud (if possible using python)
Large Sample Theory
Model selection using multivariate normal as input and multivariate negative binomial as response?
What books to read for MCMC theory?
Why are there so many random generators in R?
How to explain the connection between SVD and clustering?
Good F1 score for anomaly detection
Multiple cross validation consistently performing worse than chance
What to do next if survey sample cannot pass the chi-square representativeness test?
Is there a better way to create variables with a certain correlation and one of them is heteroskedastic?
In non-negative matrix factorization, does the first N eigenvector have N greatest variance?
Sample size RM-ANOVA
Comparison of before and after ordinal data across two groups
How to convert to gaussian distribution with given mean and standard deviation
Problem with Spearman correlation in case of many ties
R vs STATA which is more valuable to an actuary?
Time dependent weights in hidden Markov models
Cross validation and parameter optimization
How should I analyze a data set with 1 IV and 2DVs (all scale variables)?
How to calculate the time 2 standard deviation given time 1 and change standard deviations?
Issues with tritomising and dichotomising variable
Pros and cons of meta-analyses
Permutation test for the significance of several dependent regression coefficients from separate models
How to calculate pooled variance of two groups given known group variances, means, and sample sizes?
In a time series study, how many time points are enough for unit root test
Model matrix for quadratic regression with variable number of covariates in R
Is listwise deletion / complete case analysis biased if data are not missing completely at random?
How to interpret output from least trimmed squares estimate and compare it to OLS?
LARS - LASSO with weights
Comparing fuzzy RD estimates to an OLS analogue
Minimum sample size determination for difference of two normally distributed populations
Proper bootstrapping technique for clustered data?
Monte Carlo study to estimate bootstrap CI
Preparing Bayesian conditional distributions for Gibbs sampling
With a binary Y, why are R's lowess fits so often flat?
Optimal rate of convergence for nonparametric estimators in Sobolev space
Why are different answers obtained for a regression F-test when using SSE and R2 formulas?
Assumption for an M/M/1 queue
Higher Moments of an Unknown Density Function
Random block design ANOVA in R
Linear regression and arithmetic mean
What are good references for Deming's regression?
Combining contingency tables derived from background and foreground dataset
Unsupervised anomaly detection with factor analysis (in R)
Different ANCOVA results in R using different functions
Estimating specific variance for items in factor analysis - how to achieve the theoretical maximum?
Explain Kernel density chart
Random Investment
Exchangeable Processes over the Simplex
Time series model of intraday data on weekdays and weekends
Pesaran Cross sectional independence test in panel data
Which non-parametric regression could I apply to fit a curve to this data set?
Is there a name for these kinds of graphs?
Post hoc ANOVA following a significant ANOVA?
Reference for implementing generalized likelihood ratio test to determine online whether time-series mean has shifted
Online algorithm for computing variance of complex numbers
What is the link between methods such as matching and statistically controlling for variables?
How to perform unsupervised Random Forest classification using R?
Is first dimension more informative in multidimensional scaling?
Is there an upper limit on the number of intervals in a histogram?
How to communicate very negative parameter estimate in paper?
Clustering with the same number of objects per group
Descriptive measures for 2x2 crosstabs with zeros
Role of kalman filter prior, the 'right' prior?
How to interpret factor analysis transformation?
Accurate estimates of the variance of maximum likelihood estimators
Assumptions of factor analysis
How to evaluate results of linear regression
Can I use a likelihood ratio test when the error distributions differ?
probability of interest
Exposure and Outcome can be switched without changing the odds ratio?
Two sample stratified bootstrap
Difference between Matrix Factorization and PCA
Robust outlier detection in curve fitting with correlated errors
Statistically follow up interactions?
Value of alpha and beta in Holt's exponential smoothing method
Integral of a conditional uniform distribution leads to improper integral
k-Nearest-Neighbor for Factorial Based Data
What's wrong with XKCD's Frequentists vs. Bayesians comic?
References regarding rules for multidimensional histograms
How to create a composite variable to use as a response variable?
Derivation of the effect of unmodeled confounders on OLS estimates
Is a Bayesian Classifier a good approach for text with numerical meta-data?
Confusion related to a derivation in a paper
Multiple comparisons with the glht function in R gives strange results
Tutorials for feature engineering
Extending logistic regression for outcomes in the range between 0 and 1
Appropriateness of K-S test and Kruskal-Wallis for assessing medical data set
Filtering using ARMA model in R
Internal consistency reliability in item response theory models
Identify the parameters of the model $Y=\exp(\beta_0 + \beta_1 X + \beta_2 Z)+u_i$
Normalizing data before applying MDS with strain criterion
Computation of distribution parameters for the maximum of two random variables
Different use of neighbors in kNN classification algorithm
Simulation of multivariate correlated variables
Comparing 2 classifiers with unlimited training data
Fitting a distribution with ties in the data
Criteria to set STL s.window width
Mahout Scability
Where does this quote/poem come from?
Item information in IRT
What is the best mathematical transformation for a variable with many zero values?
Is $s^2$ a good estimator?
Can I combine two developmentally-graded scales into one dependent variable?
Finding variance?
comparing predictive model with hold out set
Independence test for values between 0 and 1
what's the advantages of bayesian version of linear regression, logistic regression etc
How to determine which category is most likely given an observation with a set of characteristics
What test should I use to determine if a policy change had a statistically significant impact on website registrations?
Is it needed to normalize data before rule model extraction algorithms like ID3?
What's the null hypothesis in a one-sided Kolmogorov-Smirnov test?
Level of uncertainty when measuring a period of time?
Derivation of closed form lasso solution: KKT optimality conditions
NNLS in R correlation of variables
A good summary measure on analyzing repeated measures of longitudinal data?
How to compare a sample against some baseline data?
ANCOVA: How does a covariate give insight when comparing the mean to the adjusted mean?
Mean absolute error vs sum absolute error
Examples of Bayesian and frequentist approach giving different answers
Using fast99 sensitivity method in R with normal distributions
Test for multinomial distribution
How to perform exploratory factor analysis on associative network?
Transformation to increase kurtosis and skewness of normal r.v
Reference on examples with R codes for Bayesian simulation based methods of posterior approximation
MCMC and data augmentation
Comparisons of two rankings
Relevance of overall absolute values in covariance analysis of two variables
Confidence intervals for exponential smoothing
Elementary treatment of the Weibull distribution
Interpreting results from Sobol sensitivity analysis in R
Performing T-Test with elements with multiple attributes
How do you create a multivariate distribution with both continuous and discrete data?
Which statistical method to use in survey-based quantitative research?
How do I apply the method of moments for estimating parameters in a sum-relationship?
Reliabilities or factorial analysis first?
How would one calculate the percent error on a vote?
Using PCA to reduce the number of variables split into groups
Item information in IRT with item covariates (linear logistic test model)
what can I say about the following kernel estimation?
Need to analyze: Unequal variances, Factorial Completer Randomized Design
Is it necessary to correct alpha in repeated measures ANOVA before any post-hoc comparisons?
Difference between logistic regression and neural networks
How to find the rows that meet some conditions in a sequence data set
how to randomly select 5% of the sample
Weighting significance tests according to the appropriateness of their assumptions
Off-the-shelf conjoint analysis software?
How to test for outliers in an mlogit model in R
Model suggestion for a Cox regression with time dependent covariates
Gibbs sampler on the precision (with a gamma prior) in a hierarchical Bayesian model doesn't converge
Is discriminant analysis supervised learning?
Understanding the exponential distribution
Life expectancy of home appliances
Simple extrapolation of web traffic
Strange pattern in residual plot from mixed effect model
Viterbi training vs Baum-Welch algorithm
Random Balls in Random Buckets: What are the characteristics of the distribution?
Which data mining packages support anomaly detection?
Ordinal data and zero inflated Poisson regression
How to test whether the difference in difference between means is significantly different? (with example)
R and EViews differences in AR(1) estimates
How to determine reliability of a change in an arbitary metric
Forecasting & social influence data/experiment - Seeking research strategies
Observed information matrix is a consistent estimator of the expected information matrix?
Modifying the time granularity of a state sequence
Can feature selection be considered a way to observe relationship between variables like correlation?
Is there any proper way to fix a sample to adjust for known demographic overrepresentation?
Which test to use for a set of data
What is the best way to compute classifier performance metrics given a confusion matrix?
Estimating conditional mean
A Gambler's Loss function?
Comparing pre-retrofit utility bill time series data to post retrofit data
What is the difference between emerging and discriminative patterns?
How do you predict the value of new instance, when the training data were normalized?
Calculating level 2 variable based on mean of level 1 variable with multilevel model in R
Comparison between bootstrap percentiles confidence interval and BCa confidence interval?
Pattern recognition learning by examples
Comparing means across sub-groups?
Shape analysis of an object to create features for pattern recognition
What would be the most appropriate significance test for my scenario?
Combining several survival experiments
Selecting optimal number of input features and optimal number of hidden layers for a MLP?
Does the EM algorithm require i.i.d?
Mixed model multiple comparisons for interaction between continuous and categorical predictor
Generating samples of correlated normally distributed variables with some of the variables pre-selected
Is it valid to take a mean of p-values during cross-validation, when comparing the predicted output of a model to the actual output?
simple sampling method for a Kernel Density Estimator
Interpreting standardized coefficients on a natural log response variable in OLS multiple regression
What is the minimum sample size for discrete choice experiment?
How do we interpret the results of regression for log transformed data containing negative values, $\log(Y-\min(Y)+1)$?
Building artificial state space model from noise-less data
Which is largest, of a bunch of normally distributed random variables?
Estimating the confidence interval for each half of a population
Fastest way to compare ROC curves
Considerations for choosing transformation on small samples?
Maximizing choice
Capture-recapture sampling valid in literary analysis?
$R^2$ for mixed models with multiple fixed and random effects
How do I access or compute the posterior covariance matrix returned by kernlab::gausspr R function?
Derivation of the formula for partial correlation coefficient of second order
How to handle the difference between the distribution of the test set and the training set?
Efficient data flow for R?
Minimum population size for chi-square test?
Outliers for boxplot
Difference Between SPSS Modeler and SPSS Statistics?
Given a set of points in two dimensional space, how can one design decision function for SVM?
Generalized Linear Model
What is crisp logic (in the area of classification)?
Random search for the optimal number of input features and optimal number of hidden layers for a MLP?
What is the difference between AIC() and extractAIC() in R?
How do I interpret the results from a basic interaction plot from the R effects package?
How to test for equality of means for proportions? And two-sided or one-sided?
Should the intersection of 2 event sets be on the same sample space?
How can you make linear discriminant analysis reduce dimensions to the number of dimensions you are looking for?
Study replication from a Bayesian point of view
Are random variables correlated if and only if their ranks are correlated?
Sparse estimated data recommender system
MSE of filtered noisy signal - Derivation
What practical application is there for the Asymptotic Mean Integrated Squared Error in kernel density estimation?
Non-linear SVM classification with RBF kernel
R-squared equivalent for Generalized Estimating Equations (GEE) using a ordinal logistic regression model
Logistic regression-like model for non-discrete outcomes
how to keep covariates when creating a sequence object from a SPELL data
Non parameteric tests for 2*2 mixed design
How do you determine the effect of a simple predictor variable after a PLS analysis?
Looking for a OLS-Equation if one Regressor is correlated with the error
ARCH, GARCH Forecasting in R
How to fix the constant variance assumption?
Testing coefficients separately and simultaneously
A motion model to track a moving object using the condensation algorithm
Baseline differences in RCT: Which variables (if any) should be included as covariates?
Bayesian analysis of an opinion poll
Overfitting a linear Linear Discriminant Function
Do we need an unbiased estimator of the variance?
Two-stage least squares approach to Deming regression
Calculate relative price levels in 4 markets?
ML estimation of a multinomial proportion with constraints
Is it worth to take another sample?
Terminology of two different tabular representations of aggregated data
Transform data to a higher dimensional space
How to pick from a set of random variables the one with the highest mean using a fixed number measurements?
Checking homogeneity in an insolation time series
Need help with converting or analyzing uneven time intervals
Post hoc test in a 2x3 mixed design ANOVA using SPSS?
Curve based clustering of multivariate data (time series like data)
Is multilevel analysis with aggregation terms the best approach for this situation?
Why does the least square solution give poor results in this case?
Calculating Wilks' $\lambda$ to test LDA result
When there are many more failures than successes should I let classes be equal in SVM?
What happens when you add a varying term to the thresholds in ordered logistic regression?
Partitioning data for k-fold cross validation that will not have equal partitions
Anova repeated measures is significant, but all the multiple comparisons with Bonferroni correction are not?
Smooth expectations outside the exponential family
With a small sample from a normal distribution, do you simulate using a t distribution?
How to handle strings in numeric data columns in a dataset?
Is using an ANOVA or multiple t-tests the best way to compare monthly and annual data?
How to calculate error matrices, K hat and var(K hat)?
Do unique visitors to a website follow a power law?
Newey-West t-statistics
Does the multivariate Central Limit Theorem (CLT) hold when variables exhibit perfect contemporaneous dependence?
Co-occurance problem
Posterior Distribution for Bayesian Linear Regression
Testing for mediation using LMER and a Freedman and Schatzkin's method (in R)
Who invented profile maximum likelihood estimation?
Proper way to deal with several sources of variability
Which statistical method of anlysis should I use?
Variances not homogeneous problem in ANOVA mixed between-within subjects, too bad?
Choosing between LM and GLM for a log-transformed response variable
Reference category in multinominal logistic regression
Is such transformed beta a known distribution?
Posterior probabilities of variables that aren't included in likelihood
Use of nlme for mixed models of repeated measures with two classifying factors and a covariate
Collaborative filtering through matrix factorization with logistic loss function
Which search range for determining SVM optimal parameters?
Difference between theoretical model and fit
How to report permutation ANOVA results in a scientific publication?
Regression Analysis model
Cyclostationary time series parameter estimation
Variance or standard deviation from a value other than the mean
Permutation test in R
White noise for level, log and log differences data sets
Hotelling T^2 test derivation question
How are confidence intervals for proportions computed under SPSS?
Comparing patient and control group results of a survey
IID assumption for $Y_t=X_t-X_{t-1}$
Kernel logistic regression vs SVM
How representative is Poisson distribution of the distribution of events in reality?
Poisson regression with both response and explanatory variables as counting
How do I calculate the difference between incidences?
Mixed effect and learning curves
First-order Markov chain, states transition probabilities at each time are enough for the model
3 groups of 8 with a different treatment each, over 45 minutes - confused as to stats test needed
I'm looking for solution manual “A first course in Bayesian statistical methods”
How to use CART for AdaBoost?
Frequentist confidence intervals = constant trapping probability?
kNN search using distance fitted to a training set of similar pairs
Generalization of multivariate normal distribution and classification
Mantel test vs. Pearson's correlation coefficient
Farlie-Gumbel-Morgenstern Bivariate Gamma Distirbution
Difference between p values of interaction
Is it possible to compute integrals in JAGS?
What is the standard deviation of the sum of THREE correlated random variables?
What advantages do internally studentized residuals offer over raw estimated residuals in terms of diagnosing potential influential datapoints?
Denoising of microarray data using PCA
Using an aggregated outcome variable as contextual in multilevel analysis
Top-Down or Bottom-Up Approach for demand forecasting
Best test to use
Why are RBMs symmetric?
Licenses renewals prediction
What are the differences between survival analysis and Poisson regression?
TraMineR seqLLCS and seqdist reference sequence issue
Logistic regression with low event rate
How to specify ANCOVA interactions in SPSS?
Estimating population size, minimum variance estimators
Choosing number of principal components to retain
Sufficient statistics for layman
Correlation, and Multicollinearity
Nelder-Mead simplex (fminsearch) and crossvalidation (cvpartition) with a nested function approach - Valid?
Multiple testing and FDR on multiple-pairs
How do I create and interpret an interaction plot in ggplot2?
Comparing model fits or regression coefficients for nonlinear models fitted to different data sets
Intuition Behind Completeness
Covariance structure for random intercepts and slopes
Enforcing sparsity on probability
Regression analysis for a massive dataset
Long-term predictions
Product of Independent Gaussian Variables
How to compare species communities between two years?
sparse coefficient time series models
How can I plot the components of a mixture model obtained from pymix?
Reporting chi-square tests for weighted data
Multivariate regression estimation when the variables' variances are known a priori / sourced seperately
Analyzing a fractional factorial design
One-way repeated measures ANOVA with G*Power
Is there an error in the one-sided binomial test in R?
Derivative of $H$ with respect to $W$ when performing generalized linear squares
Constrained Maximum Lilkihood Estimation
Correlation among repeated measures - I need an explanation
What are pitfalls of bootstrapping on random sample of master data?
What is $P(X_1>X_2 , X_1>X_3,... , X_1>X_n)$?
Which is the strongest prediction in linear regression?
Multinomial-Dirichlet model with hyperprior distribution on the concentration parameters
Log Linear Models
What model should I use?
Kernelised k Nearest Neighbour
Model comparison across multiple correlated responses
Experimental Design for Comparative Responses
Help me understand Bayesian updating
Anomaly Detection in a set of points
Common statistical methods for analyzing weather station data
How to calculate inter-rater reliability for just one sample?
What is the method used in statistical classification when dealing with multi-dimensional discrete target labels?
What is a sparse estimator?
Central limit theorem with unknown variance
Kolmogorov-Smirnov test in R
Deriving priors for MCMC implementation
Optimal sampling to estimate a quadratic function
Tail bounds on a function of normally distributed variables
How to analyze repeated A/B choice questions?
Link between moment-generating function and characteristic function
Empirical coverage probabilities of confidence intervals
Heteroskedasticity in a regression model
Does anyone know any good open source software for visualizing data from database?
Deconvolution with fourier transform or characteristic function?
When to use Central Limit Theorem?
Long-tailed distribution of time events
Tolerance interval for Deming regression
Discrete data & alternatives to PCA
Methods & CRAN packages to predict probability using neural networks or others machine learning algorithms
Adversarial noise in PCA
Which type of regression fits better?
Predictions when multiple outcomes
Constant signs of correlation in the active set in least angle regression
Probability of a random variable to be the largest among others
Changing variable values and examine the outcome difference between the altered and original data
Sequential or dynamic multidimensional scaling
nls curve fitting of nested/shared parameters
Is there a multivariate version of the Weibull distribution?
Online algorithm to compute variance with a decay
How to determine the quality of a multiclass classifier
t-distribution confidence intervals for non-Gaussian data but large n
Probability of x given past data and linear model assumption
mtry and unbalanced use of predictor variables in Random Forest
Reporting coefficient of determination using Spearman's rho
Differential Equations as Generative Models
SVM retrain on whole dataset for final model --> overfitting?
Standardized solution for censored regression
Example where a simple correlation coefficient has a sign opposite to that of the corresponding partial correlation coefficient
Calculating the Log Hazard Ratio with SE in R
How to improve estimation of a deconvolved density
Compute Moran's I or some other estimate of spatial correlation in R
OLS Regression: Interaction effect is significant by itself, not when included in full model--ok to report?
Why would predicted values be normally-distributed when the actual values are uniform?
How to evaluate dimension reduction from n-space to d-space?
Distribution with $n$th cumulant given by $\frac 1 n$?
I want to build a crime index and political instability index based in news stories
Logarithmic scale on a plot with negative values
Tutorials / examples for multiclass boosting
Interpreting the neural network output in R?
How can you select one of two individuals at random using a biased coin
Can I detrend and difference to make a series stationary?
In caret what is the real difference between cv and repeatedcv?
Interpreting interaction effects in a multilevel model
JAGS - problem with taking submatrices
Expectation Subscript
Statistical independence of combining random samples
Compare means of 2 variables (no individual data available)
Interpreting decision trees outputs in R?
R: mlogit error on data - system is exactly singular
I need a model that can predict based on multiple variables. How do I get started?
How to overcome singularity problem in Linear Discriminant Analysis?
Understanding the p-value
Mathematics behind classification and regression trees
Understanding the predictive distribution in gaussian linear regression
Multivariate linear regression in R
Can higher level be insignificant but lower level significant in a nested ANOVA?
How to calculate the significance of change between values in the frame of an equal territory over time?
Sampling distributions help with questions
Generalization error for classification with a nonconvex loss function
Prediction/generalisation error derivation
How to correct for heteroskedasticity in fixed effects panel regression with correction for clustered standard error?
Is this a valid method to control the FWER?
How to define CDF of bivariate normal distribution in rjags?
How to convert from VAR (vector-auto-regression) on differences to original series. How to simulate orignal series from VAR on differences
Fitting ratios in multiple regression formula
Adding a quadratic variable to regression
terminology question: Is there a generic name for the set of probabilities corresponding to quantiles
Generating (forcing) confidence percentages in RapidMiner
When we are dealing with instrumental variables is this correct?
Metric for ordinal, non-normal distribution in Markov models
How can I estimate parameters of a convolution of an exponential and gamma?
Legend and TraMiner seqplot.tentrop function
GLM and GAM package alternative to GRASP in R?
How to predict optimal reachability of outbound calls?
What's the Bayesian counterpart to Pearson product-moment correlation?
Multiclass classification with SVM a question about the feature vectors
Analysis of three dimensional data set
When is it acceptable to use only two items (variables) per factor in factor analysis?
Are the digits of $\pi$ statistically random?
Weird MLE Problem based on Dirichlet Function
Proportionality in Bayesian Models: What Is Absorbed?
When is the PMI value good or bad?
Looking for a specific kind of plot/graph
Ties in Bayesian Survival Analysis
How to correct for small p-value due to very large sample size
Nonparametric Bayesian priors on mean $0$ distributions?
How to describe characteristics of the curve fit by a four parameter non-linear regression?
Is there a statistical test to compare two samples of size 1 and 3?
What's the resulting distribution when you take the N times self convolution of normal(mu, sigma) where N~Poisson or binomial
Pre-post test with control group
Inferring speed from non-I.I.D. GPS data
Why is my R-squared so low when my t-statistics are so large?
Visualizing probability of event over time, based on epoch time
Conditional heteroscedasticity vs iid hypothesis - McLeod-Li test
Do I center an already transformed variable?
Non-fair die - College Probability
Re-expression units conversion
Why is the Dirichlet distribution the prior for the multinomial distribution?
Probability that 2 OH NFL teams go 31 weeks w/o wins on the same day
BACI type design analysis question
Odd results from Poisson regression in R
Violation of independence, ANOVA
How to elegantly determine the area of a hysteresis loop (inside/outside problem)?
What level to use when making inferences on the group mean in a hierarchical Bayesian analysis?
Is GLMM correct for data with several binary outcome variables per subject?
The relationship between expectation-maximization and majorization-minimization
How is Item Response Theory (IRT) called for continuous response?
The test procedure of significant differences in count data over time
Is this flawed statistics?
Contrast for hypothesis test in R (lmer)
Upper bounds for the copula density?
Confidence Interval for a Percent Change
adjust rating based on number of experiences
Predicting the outcome of the next coin toss?
Meta-analysis in R of pre-post treatment design studies
Experiment design: Can unbalanced dataset be better than balanced?
How do important and insignificant variables impact model?
Modelling longitudinal data
Interpretation of very small GEE Interactions
Measure of variation around Median
How do I find the coefficients of a two-sample T2 Hotelling Test?
Two-level hierarchical model using time-series cross sectional data?
Logistic vs linear regression
Are variables, which linear combination results in a endogenous variable, endogenous?
estimating beta parameter
Testing null hypothesis with dependent samples
Analysis of Deviance in R - Which test?
The bias of Zellner estimators in dynamic SUR models
Sum of Binomial and Poisson random variables
Generalized Least Squares: Estimation of Variance-Covariance matrix
Prediction using machine learning
Understanding of persp plot
use Exponential smoothing to forecast lead-time demand
Methods for teasing apart the influence of different time series features on a target feature?
Between / Within-Subjects Analysis (with multiple dependent variables): Multi level expert around?
dividing two sets of points
How do you compute expected value of arbitrary distributions in scipy?
Correlation analysis
What to do when assumptions are not met in a chi squared test?
Kernel in PenalizedSVM R package
Do categorical variables have to be dummy coded in SVM?
Ordinal Probit model in plain English
Feature importance
Random walk or not?
Clustering high-dimensional sparse binary data
The statistical prevalence of solely negative genes in the adult human population?
Which diagnostics can validate the use of a particular family of GLM?
Which Dickey-Fuller test should I apply to a time series with an underlying model that includes an intercept/drift term and a linear time trend?
Sampling from elliptic pde solution in high dimensions
A simpler way to calculate Exponentially Weighted Moving Average?
Strict Exogeneity and Seasonal Dummy Variables
Logistic regression discrimination threshold with cross validation
Confidence intervals for mean, when variance is unknown
Can the coefficient of determination (R-squared) for a linear regression ever be zero?
Comparing 2 population proportions using significance tests
Multi-information of a uniformly distributed random variable on the L1 sphere
R-squared of mixed model using lmmfit package
Margin of error for average of several Likert-scale questions
Regression with missing covariate data
Definition of dynamic Bayesian system, and its relation to HMM?
Handling forecast mean with complex seasonality
Extreme values for f-statistic
Conditional probability update for correlated Poisson variables
Combining results of two classifiers to better classify a data-point
How to deal with the cases when participants gave rating of 2.5 or 4.5 on a 1-5 scale?
Variance of compound distributions
How do I analyse data with 2 independent variables and 2 dependent variables?
Percent correctly predicted of logit model
Deriving conditional distribution using Gaussian copula
Problems with mixed model simulation
LDA topic models for various and unknown domains
Faster alternative to multivariate LOESS?
Are these statistics sufficient?
How to calculate proportions for two sample t-test from data frame in R
Tolerance bound for a normalized variable
Deriving effect sizes form pre-post treatment design in R?
What might be wrong when my gamm fit is perfectly linear despite my spline term?
Multilevel or fixed effects to estimate panel of port costs?
Welch Test Statistic
What to choose from BIC/AIC/ridge/elastic net?
Understanding p-value
PCA and EFA on bond returns using Stata
Basic Inter-rater reliability and type of data
Logistic Regression with weighted instances
How to compare two sequences of binary data?
Adjusted mortality rates
Inverse prediction from binomial glm - how to obtain confidence intervals?
Convergence of K-means
Problem on Normal Distribution
extrasolar planet puzzler
Density functions with ellipsoidal symmetry
Entering panel-data (cross-sectional time-series data) into SPSS
Penalized spline confidence intervals based on cluster-sandwich VCV
weird results from multilevel analysis
How to compare task completion times in a crossover study
References for methods for calculating the confidence interval for Theil-Sen Estimator
How to equate questionnaires with different response scales
Criticism, please: simplifying state space model
Analyze results from a/b test using welch's t test
Replicating a plot from the ROCR Website
Where can I use Chebychev's inequality?
Comparing the rate of admitting to not quitting smoking between two groups?
What is the difference between the 'Pivot table' and 'Contingency table'?
How are the standard errors of coefficients calculated in a regression?
Running fixed-effects model stata
Using neural network for trading in stock exchange
Prediction interval for simple linear regression
Regression estimator where exponents are freely varying?
Which 'delta' to use from those returned by 'orddom' package in R with argument 'paired = TRUE'?
Rank of an expression in Linear Model (Reference Searle)
Basic reproduction number
Extending forecast model to ADL and comparing with VAR
Generalized linear model as non-parametric ANCOVA vs. modern robust methods and non-parametric equivalant of ANCOVA
How to: Prediction intervals for linear regression via bootstrapping
Are there any formal definitions or statistical theories about this kind of events?
CV of data after nonparametric regression
Categorical coefficients
Multiple paired samples t-tests?
What is iterative bootstrap? How is it used?
statistical analysis between two time series
Model position tracking error
How to generate binary data using Cholesky decomposition in R?
Deletion residuals
Confidence Interval for variance given one observation
How to interpret the output of predict.coxph?
Inference on original population based on sample - estimating sampling probability
Can we approximate the distribution of S?
Regression with missing values
Two-Component distribution modelling
Calibrating multiple binary SVM classifiers for one-vs-all multi-class classification
Chi-squared test for detecting trending terms
Topic Words Selection in Topic Modeling
How to estimate peak load when volume increases
How to remove blank string values from my analysis outputs in SPSS?
Can the Johnson-Neyman moderation interaction technique be used with a categorical moderator?
Comparing minitab output to R
Conditional distribution of quadratic forms
Limiting distribution of Hansen Sargan J statistic
ANCOVA and its disturbing assumptions
Probability of independent events given the history
Probability that at least one person at a party will accidentally choose their own gift
Logistic regression model for analysis of many IVs with a relatively small sample size
Prediction model problem
Does the average distance in K-means have to be monotone decreasing?
Characteristic function and Fourier transform
What is a WISARD Neural Network?
General distributions for which binomial and Poisson are special cases
inverse logistic regression with binary covariates
M-PLUS and HLM 7 for Hierarchical Linear Modeling
Clustering time series
Gaussian messages for Belief Propagation
Does SPSS rescale dendrograms?
R neural net training and prediction
Variance decomposition in linear regression model
Binary logit with time series
Gauss-Newton method for MA parameter estimation
Continuing an ARMA process
Categorial features in linear machine learning algorithms
What is the difference between 'Laplace approximation' and 'Modified harmonic mean'?
What does weighted cumulative frequency distribution mean?
What is the practical difference between association rules and decision trees in data mining?
Reference/certified data set to compare custom software results
Worst-case error related to Cramer-Rao bound
computing slope on heavy tailed lognormal distribution
What are the values p, d, q, in ARIMA?
Why do LR and Wald p-values differ by orders of magnitude?
Should the likelihood function be increasing in every step of the EM algorithm?
Interpreting multinomial logistic regression output in R
p-value with multimodal PDF of a test statistic
Parameter estimation of exponential distribution with biased sampling
How can I perform a bootstrap for niche amplitude index?
Bootstrap the Complexity Index in (Ex)TraMineR?
Forecast with STL and regressors (using R package forecast)
Real-life examples of moving average processes
Compare two teams who competed in slightly different competitions
Hierarchical recommender
Can I use Kolmogorov-Smirnov test and estimate distribution parameters?
Maximum Likelihood Estimation
A model with binomial data?
Regarding redundant training data in building SVM-based classifier
Daylight saving time in time series modelling (e.g. load data)
Diagnostics for logistic regression?
calculation of correlation time?
Modeling outliers of normal distribution
R working the tsDyn and Time series
Auto-thumbnail generator model based on interval measures for tube sites
Multinomial regression with categorical choice and predictos and factor analysis
Is there a practical limit to the size of a piece of data with 0 statistical redundancy?
How can I tell which location is the best?
Expected value of a transformed random variable
quantile in scipy library
What are the statistical assumptions, prior to running hierarchical regression to test interaction effects?
Why doesn't backpropagation work when you initialize the weights the same value?
Correlation of variable corrected for age in SPSS
Determining Optimal Number of Cluster in Hierarchical Clustering in Consideration of Variance of Data
Uncertainty from linear fit on additional data
Different types of error rates when there are multiple comparisons
Spatial interpolation models: deterministic vs statistical
Using days of the week in regression
Comparing two dependent variables with different regression models
Logistic Regression with dependent observations
SVM prediction sensitivity when compared to neural networks and logistic regression
Poisson regression with (auto-correlated) time series
choosing an initial state and finding multiple sample points in MCMC?
Central limit theorem for sample medians
HMM a posteriori probs for hidden states and more
Algorithm to Construct Covariance matrices
Weight Initialisation for NN
How to test hypothesis of no group differences with repeated measures and determine the sample size?
computing transition probabilites given only aggregate counts
Unequal, independent repeated measures analysis
Name for $E[X]^2/E[X^2]$?
Manually Calculating P value from t-value in t-test
Mallow's Cp Question
Am I interpreting this coefficient correctly?
About Covariance
Voting system that uses confidence for each voter
Suitable distributions for the SDs of a number of groups (or participants)?
Recoded items as separate factors in factor analysis
How to validate a survey when using Likert scale?
Graphs in regression discontinuity design in Stata or R
Prediction Interval for Neural Net With Hessian :: nnet in R
Interpretation of a variable in the regression analysis
Interpreting seasonality with ACF and PACF
R2jags does not remove the burn in part sometimes?
Sampling in discrete distribution
standard errors for marginal models with no clustering
Why two-step dynamic panel data estimator is better then one-step?
Understanding the intra-class correlation coefficient
Definition of optimal instruments
Mixed effects count modeling
Document classification on Twitter: LDA or something non-generative?
Aggregating votes from different users with some constraints and probabilities
Linearity in local sensitivity analysis
Nesting, sort-of: Multiple observations mapping to a single DV measure?
Nominal/ordinal Variable Measures of Association
Chi Square Test for QC Samples
Modeling Future Logistic Regression Covariates
Unable to figure out right transformation
How to make adjustment for correlation coefficient?
How to generate normal variates subject to mixed constraints?
What is the probability that a sample value from a Binomial distributions is smaller than a sample value from another?
Do low silhouette widths mean the data has little underlying structure?
Regarding the sampling procedure in Adaboost algorithm
Resampling or Basic Simulation and confidence intervals
What is the requirement on the instrumental density in importance sampling?
What is the difference between pooled cross sectional data and panel data?
Bayes' Theorem - Probability Pants problem
Wild cluster bootstrap seems really simple. Too simple. Am I missing someting?
How to interpret factor scores saved using the regression method in SPSS?
Given two biased samplers, create a less biased sampler
Study design involving 4 variables measured every month for 5 years
Test for difference of distributions on a torus
Spectral clustering of graph
Quantile regression analyzing the conditional quantiles of one of the regressors?
Zero-inflated count models in R: what is the real advantage?
Why does a mixed design using R's aov() need the between subject factors specified more than once?
Logistic input with Gaussian noise
When are time averages equal to statistical averages?
Distribution of number of Bernoulli trials given number of successes
Logistic Regression failing in some cases
Data tranformation in logistic regression
Program yourself or use data mining toolkit?
test the significance of clusters
Tobit Model with a Variable Lower Censoring Bound?
Newey West Covariance Definition
How to get correct Covariance components in SAS Proc mixed? Struggling with infinite likelihoods and negative variance components
Correlation between one variable and few others
Different confidence interval results in R, why?
Dimension reduction for sparse matrix for clustering
conditional on the total, what is the distribution of negative binomials
What type of Design is this?
Logistic regression without negative samples
Two questions about MLE
Correlation of handedness to sexual orientation?
Chi square goodness of fit test
How to interpret this output in Dimension Reduction?
Should I check Multicollinearity When There is An Inverse?
p-value for correlation/co-occurrence in sets of intervals
Circular statistics and bidirectional data
Determining conserved features using a Bayesian approach
Network Visualisation for huge dataset composed of many unconnected clusters
Mixed thoughts about the Durbin-Wu-Hausman Test. Is it really feasible?
How to calculate turbulence and similarity index with TraMineR?
How do I get the p-value when using Java's OLSMultipleLinearRegression?
Asymptotic assumptions in OLS
how to interpret reading decision tree result from ctree() in r?
Simulated Microarray data
What is the global model?
Using mixed variables in two-step cluster analysis
Bayesian Updating Without Conjugate Prior
Help on Statistical analysis of Profits
How do I prepare data which has a trend for use in a Copula model?
Likert scale and yes/no calculation of one score
Effect sizes from LMM
Is $f(x)=e^{x^Tx'}$ a suitable kernel to be choosen?
Predictive Modeling question on Weka
Panel data random effects probit model
Bounds on Cov(X, Y) given Var(X), Var(Y)?
Relative to a Population: Statistically Valid Method for Categorizing Something as Other?
Mathematics needed to understand Hidden Markov Models?
Joint Relationships between log normal variables and their Gaussian counter parts
Markov Chains and First Return Time
How to validate & diagnose a gamma GLM in R?
RMS error of the SD line
For intraclass correlation coefficients (ICC), interpret both single and average measured ICC values for reproducibility test?
About tail distribution of a sum
R and Predictions
Exogenous variables in dlm package
Interpreting correlation & coefficient of determination
Autoregressive model with exponential lags
Data analysis on multiuser environment
On cross-validation schemes for rectangular samples
Modeling measurement error (reliability?) using repeated measurements
Ridge Regression
Conditional expectation conditional on exponential random variable
Re-parametrize posterior distribution
How do you visualize binary outcomes versus a continuous predictor?
Intuition behind tensor product interactions in GAMs (MGCV package in R)
When using glmnet how to report p-value significance to claim significance of predictors?
Predicting dichotomous outcome of temporal data set with covariates
Measuring real advertising effect: control group issue
Stochastic Diagonal Levenberg Marquardt in Convolutional Neural Networks
Covariate in generalized linear model with binary DV
Techniques to show data spanning multiple decades
Null hypothesis for one sample and two proportions
Nonhomogeneous Poisson Process Derivation of Survival Function
Transforming joint Gaussians to independent random variables
Should raw data or residuals be used to check homogeneity of variance?
Causal stats with one event and multiple time series?
Pearson's residuals
How to find the correlation coefficient between two technologies when those are sub correlated?
Most natural generalization of covariance/correlation to model dependence of extreme events
Forecasting nonstationary time series
What is the preferred way to give asymmetric uncertainties?
Logistic regression for abiotic influences on behavior
Estimation of a state-space model using Bayesian analysis with the Metropolis-Hastings algorithm
Multinomial logistic predictor matrix
AcF and Stationarity
Interpreting multiple regression coefficients with 2 continuous variables interacting and 2 categorical variables interacting
Beta coefficients from stratified analysis when there are covariates?
How to use Gaussian Mixture Models for clustering new data?
Should I use ANOVA to analyse this experiment?
Starting point for survival analysis (overall survival and recurrence-free or progression-free survival)
What about throwing out 2/3rds of a data set?
When are the asymptotic variance of OLS and 2SLS equal?
Does it exist an Bayesian version of the Theil-Sen estimator?
Poisson State Space with AR(1) latent process
Nonparametric Topic Models
Gap in plot between forecasted and real data
Comparing two linear regression models
Interpret statistically significant betas with poorly performing models
Univariate feature ranking in classification
Is a sequence of random variables indexed by a homogeneous Poisson process process strictly stationary?
How to generate predicted survivor curves from frailty models (using R coxph)?
How can I identify probability mass functions with known proportions of contribution in a series of histograms?
Best way to characterize slowdown factor
Does a zig-zagging residual plot mean that normality has been violated?
Finding the degrees of freedom for a confidence interval for the difference of two means
Required conditions for using a t-test
Should I use ANCOVA or multiple regression with dummy variables?
What is the cost function in cv.glm in R's boot package?
Is it reasonable to calculate AIC of a subset of the data set which was used to fit the model?
Estimating correlation with DCC GARCH
SVM regression with longitudinal data
Unit root tests and stationarity
Dealing with ties, weights and voting in kNN
70% certain with a 70% success rate
Best predictive Cox regression model using c-index and cross-validation
Repeated loess smoothing for time series data
Variance of a bounded random variable
R plot time indexed densities
Is it necessary for a distance measure used in clustering to correspond to some valid vector space?
Algorithm for price optimization
Type of data missingness in R
Capturing changing time trends
The case for non-parametric models
Modelling a mixed model in JAGS/BUGS
Using taxonomic levels as factors in random forests: does it make sense? Is it needed?
Fast algorithm for variable selection
Multi-way split with CARTs
Marginalizing a conditional distribution for Bayesian networks
Calibration for random forests
Ordinal Logistic Modeling
Why are eigenvalues so significant in DR techniques?
Dealing with multicollinearity when removing a highly collinear predictor reduces significance
Jointly normal distribution
Why L1 norm for sparse models
How to compile data from annual reports?
What is the difference between EM and Gradient Ascent
How to get dispersion parameter from a binomial mixed model?
Likelihood ratio test for sex ratio
What is the probability of tossing k heads in n trials of a fair coin?
Time Series forecast with exogenous inputs (present and historic)
Tips on good literature regarding Markov chains and processes
Small and unbalanced sample sizes for two groups - what to do?
How can I transform time series data so I can use simpler techniques for fault prediction?
Normality of residuals vs sample data; what about t-tests?
Different Mean Square partitions in an unbalanced bifactorial ANOVA (with random factor) between R and Statistica
Treatment mean comparisons in a mixed model with random and fixed effects
Calculate combined odds ratio between two factors
Testing assumptions of multiple regression
Total probability problem
Which ANOVA is appropriate?
Analysis of variance not statistically significant... but is there still a pattern to the data?
Conditions in law of large numbers
Random Forest Regression - Coping with extreme values
Evaluation of Autocorr/Part Autocorr values
Sampling with replacement in R randomForest
Covariance of $\mathbf{x}$ and $\mathbf{x}^\prime A \mathbf{x}$ when $\mathbf{x} \sim N_{m}(\mu, \Sigma)$
Distribution of arrival times to server for an M/M/1 queue (what the server experiences)
Multinomial logistic regression - Behaviour biology
An investment and variance question for monthly payments
Logistic Regression Cost Function issue in Matlab
Random forest is overfitting
Data Mining / ML applications in hydrodynamics?
Process for Standardising and Normalising data
Appropriate Application of Survival Analysis
Remove data starting before defined start date for survival analysis
Satisfaction of detailed balance equation in Metropolis-Hastings algorithms?
Interval censored Cox proportional hazards model in R
Recommended Text for Essential Experimental Statistics
mixed ancova or difference scores?
Variational inference for nested Chinese restaurant process
How to find principal components from variance-covariance matrix?
How to analyze differences of two groups with replicates?
time series with different length: feature extraction and classification
Where can I find information for variable descriptions
Parameter estimation for a model defined by $Y_i \sim N(\mu_i,\theta\mu^{2}_{i})$
Understanding the Polya urn model
Learn a joint distribution from incomplete samples
Fitting t-distribution in R: scaling parameter
Other substitution matrices for missing value state in sequence analysis with TraMineR?
Adjusting Logistic Regression Coefficients
How much should the sample size be increased to reject the null hypothesis with a t-test?
Truncated y axis in interaction plots
How to compare different heuristics over a large number of test instances
How do Metropolis-Hastings algorithms ensure the constructed MC has the limiting distribution?
How large a variance can be for a discrete random variable whose mean is known?
Can Cox regression be used to assess the difference between two treatments
Logistic regression in R resulted in Hauck Donner phenomenon. Now what?
What should this poor guy be told?
What are the chances my wife has lupus?
Appropriate R package/function for applying HMM to categorical sequence data?
Rule of Thumb method to adjust for overstatement bias on a likert scale
Estimation of temporal onset and duration of growth from irregular count data
Calculate confidence/chance of beating baseline
Gelman Hill textbook- question about linear transformation
Minimum sample size for PCA when the main goal is to estimate the first or second principal component?
Matrix factorization vs random walk with restart for recommender systems
What hypothesis for A is better than B?
What is a good way to measure how well a set of data fits to a set of functions
Different representations of the one-tailed/one-side hypothesis test
Simple question about the asymptotics of estimators
What's the optimal way of measuring the error of quantitative estimates, across question sets?
Effects of replacing missing data with mean or median?
How to statistically compare the performance of machine learning classifiers?
Best way to display data with outliers?
pdf of the product of two independent random variables, normal and chi-square
Polychoric PCA and component loadings in Stata
Model to detect abnormalities in two-value data?
Detect trend in time series
Taking expectations for Fisher information/Jeffreys' prior
Statistical significance between two percentage change
MLE estimation of spatial effects radius
Adding a history flag variable to panel data with possible auto-correlation
Can AIC determine which data better fit the same model?
Why use a certain measure of forecast error (e.g. MAD) as opposed to another (e.g. MSE)?
R model.tables() incorrect means – possible bug?
Statistical test for finding the effect magnitude of different causes
Individual-level parameter estimates from ordered choice regressions
Goodness-of-fit of model derived from multivariate logistic regression
Confused about region of rejection vs P-value.
multiplicative treatment effects with standard errors
How to describe a study design looking at one sample of which different data was collected during several periods of time
What are the main different/alternative correlation estimators?
Sample point locations and multiple linear regression
Extract the pattern of the time-series dataset through moving average
Efficient fitting of noncentral chi-squared distribution to data?
SVM optimization problem
Model for multivariate ordered categorical data with a time-varying continuous covariate
How to specify in r spatial covariance structure similar to SAS sp(pow) in a marginal model?
Calculating probabilities of an nth step transition matrix for discrete time markov chains
What does #iter mean in libsvm when using RBF as a kernel?
Number of significant figures in a chi square fit
User Defined Substitution Cost Matrix
Anomaly detection in user behaviour using hidden Markov models
Generating samples from gibbs sampling
How to use data analysis output (e.g. clustering) in predictive regression?
Interpreting Cox regression
Detrending a time series regression model
Sanity check question about correlation between log-normal random variables
Kolmogorov-Smirnov CDF
Why is there a difference in signs of regression coefficients of same variable in a simple regression and multiple regression on spss
Irregularly spaced time-series in finance/economics research
ACF of IMA(1,1) in R
Linear regression for samples of varying sizes
Identifying periods of non random behavior in time series
Identifying the communicating classes and stating whether they are period, aperiodic, recurrent or transient
Handling outliers in ANOVA
best approach to compare ranks over time
Introduction to causal analysis
How to compute variance of a continuous time sequence?
Where can I find solutions to exercises in A Handbook of Statistical Analysis Using R?
Using doctor's data to identify hospitalisations
Why squared residuals instead of absolute residuals in OLS estimation?
LibSVM cost weights for unbalanced data doesn't work
Using sparse inverse covariance matrix in estimating least squares coefficients
Bootstrap or jack-knife for crossvalidation of predictive model?
Hypothesis testing on data with overlapping groups
How can I generate data from a SVM?
What's the name of this discrete distribution (recursive difference equation) I derived?
A/B testing with multiple conversion goals
Predictive model for error of another model
Proving that MGF determines PDF when the PDF is defined for whole real line
Acceptable scores on a survey
Significance of Chi-square test for large sample
Sample vs. Population
How to add standard error or confidence interval to a plot of a predicted vs observed values?
Classification accuracy is better with noise added?
Let $\{N(t), t \geq 0 \}$ be a $PP(\lambda)$. Compute $P(N(t) = k | N(t + s) = k + m)$
Appropriate test for comparing two sets of binary tests?
Computing posterior distribution of bayesian lasso
Correlation and Hotelling test
How to compare coefficients of a negative binomial regression for determining relative importance?
Model selection with nonlinear fitting? Statistical tests seem ambiguous
Correlation of non-uniform time-series data?
Suggestion for MATLAB statistical pattern recognition toolbox?
Looking for examples or alternatives to R RuleFit ensemble package
Statistical comparisons of multiple classifiers performance?
How do I find fields related to a class in a naive bayesian classifier?
How would you deal with categorical data in a naive Bayesian classifier?
Bootstrapping x and y of curve maximum
Determine the optimum learning rate for gradient descent in linear regression
How to interpret a regression coefficient for the reciprocal of an independent variable?
Standard deviation for adjusted effect size estimates
Consequences of high power for our belief in the null hypothesis?
What if only control variables are significant in a differences-in-differences analysis?
Data set to experiment with multivariate count regression
How to derive the least square estimator for multiple linear regression?
Evaluating skill level on a particular scale
Confusion related to bayesian spatial scan statistics
Static Bayesian networks using p-values
R square in mixed model with random effects
Elementary approach to higher order asymptotics
Couple of linear regressions with heteroskedasticity and correlated errors
Simultaneous confidence intervals for multinomial proportions: pooling replicates or not?
two questionnaires, two variables, two populations but one correlation
Why do we stabilize variance?
Combining posterior distributions
Question on how to normalize regression coefficient
What is an appropriate formula for residuals calculation in a model describing a single-factor repeated measures design?
Similarity measure between two text documents
kernelized l1 norm and the representer theorem
improving user preferences based on behavior
Deep learning libraries/software with good tutorials or examples
Determining which variables have been dropped using cv.glmnet in R
How do I extract difficulty and discrimination from a non-parametric IRT model
Why don't we use significant digits?
Question about Hausman-test for endogeneity with two endogenous regressors with potential heteroscedasticity
PCA and k-fold Cross Validation in Caret
Is this a correct way to continually update a probability using Bayes Theorem?
Mass to area to mass/min
How to interpret type-II error probability while doing A/B testing?
Multiple imputation for outcome variables
Likelihood ratio test in R
Fast linear regression robust to outliers
Decomposing Laplace prior for a hierarchical representation of a model
Finding the PMF of conditional probability, poisson process. Don't understand where $10^6$ goes
Conditional model using function tslm in R package forecast
Machine learning book with code examples
Nested/SplitModel - RepeatedMeasures/MixedModel ANOVA: levels of nesting & scripting in R
Where can I learn about transforming uniform, random distribution into other distribution
Software for median polishing
Discrete time survival analysis with varying length event windows
How to determine if a variable is categorical?
Replicating simulation results from a paper
EM algorithm R code on Cox PH model with frailty
Relative variable importance with AIC
How to stabilize features over time?
Comparing effectiveness of various treatments over control via matched pairs
How can I measure the effects certain events have on the frequency of other events over time?
Estimated critical value for hypothesis testing
Quadratic weighted kappa strength of agreement
Using priors in classification for regression
Why do we rely on the standard error?
Determining number of tests to correct for using Bonferroni
Meaning of output terms in gbm package?
Estimating demographics from internet activity
Extracting lambda value with highest log-likelihood from boxcox output
How to get the standardized beta coefficients from glm.nb regression in R?
Testing significance of a data point against an data set
An Alternative to the tdist() Function in Excel for Google Spreadsheets?
How to deal with repeated measurements in the same condition of a factorial experiment?
Understanding signficant interaction with non-significant main effects
Smoothing a time series of ratios
Joint likelihood of two models
Time series forecasting lookback windows -- sliding or growing?
What kind of experiment might Hiawatha have designed?
Using multiple imputation for Cox proportional hazards, then validating with rms package?
Line graph has too many lines, is there a better solution?
Regression for poisson process in R
How to calculate goodness of fit in glm (R)
Enrichment analysis by gene duplication level
What can we conclude about the distribution of the sum of two random variables?
Confidence Interval in Monte Carlo integration
Comparing non-nested models with out of sample likelihood
Which test to use to compare means/medians when one variable has normal distribution and the other does not?
Cross validation and parameter tuning
Replicating integration results from a paper
Dummy interaction variables are always non-stationary?
Analysis of binary variables
Do you think smoothing constant value, alpha, in SES method is a control parameter or process parameter?
Compound poisson process: Average size of claim will exceed £110
Classification with increasing number of classes
How to define in R the most important variables?
Interaction depth parameter in GBM
Solving the Kolmogorov forward equation for transition probabilities
Confusion related to calculation of variance
What is the correlation coefficient between two zero random variables?
Mean square error of classification
Why is the square root transformation recommended for count data?
The role of scale parameter in GEE
Calculating L moments of a standard normal
Distribution function
What is feature space?
For Was this page helpful data, should I take response rate into account?
Transform Data to Desired Mean and Standard Deviation
Quantile regression: Which standard errors?
What type of test and how many participants?
Mixed SVM kernel of RBF and linear
How to get conditional variance from Schur complement?
Expectation and confidence intervals of a Poisson process
Categorical and dummy variables in multiple factor analysis with FactoMineR
How to improve neural network sensitivity with a lopsided binary outcome?
Kernel SVM in primal training with Stochastic Gradient Descent
Why arrange variables by causality in bivariate regression?
In non-negative matrix factorization, are the coefficients of features comparable?
Question about inverse in a two-step estimator as a joint GMM-estimators approach
Partial, adjusted or Type-III SS of factorial experiment in R
Is PCA appropriate where n<p?
ISOMAP for classification
Cross-validation with neural networks yielding worse results than a standard neural network
Examples of drastic improvements when using deep neural networks
What is the equation for combining standardized mean differences across multiple studies?
SVM hyperplane equation
Time series regression - ML estimation
Statistical methods in atmospheric sciences
Dealing with dependant data when estimating probability of an event happening
Machine learning predicted value
Number of significant digits to report
How to simulate artificial data for logistic regression?
Cox Baseline Hazard
Estimator for an incidence rate
How do Bayesian GLMs with noninformative priors on the coefficients compare to estimation using MLE's?
How to assess stability of daily time series in sentiment analysis?
Direction of relationship in 2x2 contingency tables
Assumptions for Hurst exponent calculation
Multicollinearity in OLS
What are some well known improvements over textbook MCMC algorithms that people use for bayesian inference?
Measure of goodness-of-fit in Ordinal Logistic Regression with continuous independent variable
confusion related to maximum a posteriori estimation
Factor analysis on multiply imputed data
How to test for mediation when working with binary data?
How to find genes associated with PC1 and PC2 after the PCA on microarray?
Using a particle filter for robot localization
Why are Gaussian process models called non-parametric?
Determining predictive ability of models for readmission risks for patients
Is high multicollinearity always an issue in OLS?
What is the computational complexity of the EM algorithm?
Random music note generation
Does Pearson correlation require removal of bivariate or univariate outliers?
Dependent Bernoulli trials
How to analyze ordered data type with past missing observations?
Specifying a covariance structure: pros and cons
Fitting model for two normal distributions in PyMC
Error estimation and propagation
Confusion related to a paper related to multivariate spatio-temporal data with missing attributes
Question about a derivative of the 2nd-step moments in a two-step estimator as a joint GMM-estimators approach
Optimizing matching of players in a tournament round
Correlation with binary response and Likert scale response
Choosing cost function for a neural network continuous forecast
Welch statistic
Fisher overall p-value vs. pairwise comparisons
Prediction for one-way random effect ANOVA with rms package
Random sampling for estimating mutual information - Time complexity and sampling error?
Ranking players over multiple categories
How to combine a SVM classifier and a Naive Bayes classifier
Bayesian updating - which distribution to use
anova(model1, model2) vs. anova(model2, model1) in R
Error using ltm R package
Leave one object out cross validation
Dantzig Selector, LASSO, LAD LASSO
Problem with unequal distribution of classes in sentiment classification
Binary Logistic Regression: Direction of B's different in multiple than in bivariate cases
Number of parameters in a Markov chain
How detailed should a data-driven Bayesian prior be?
Very high correlation between two variables in SEM as compared to SPSS
Biased estimates when intercept is included in a linear regression
How to calculate mutual information?
Distant supervision: supervised, semi-supervised, or both?
Putting stationary variables through Johansen procedure
Omega H asymptotic
How the 'NA' values are treated in glm in R
What's some examples of the fact disjoint events are dependent?
What are the most popular domain adaptation methods (for transfer learning)?
How to draw a balanced random sample given prediction confidence and model performance?
Is my Theory on the Law of Truly Large Numbers and Ancestors Valid?
Who are some famous USSR/Russian Statistics/probability academic researchers?
How to generate ROC Plot for semi-supervised algorithm?
Two methods to calculate the confidence interval for number needed to treat yield different results
How to analyze categorical variables with multiple levels
Multiple imputation and model selection
Can deep belief networks be applied to sparse feature vectors/classification problems?
How to assign degrees of freedom for two-way ANOVA with two within-subjects factors?
Gaussian processes benefits
Confusion related to scaling factors in HMM
Canonical Correlation
Clustering large scale data in fine-grained clusters
Replication in multivariate logit in R
Sample write up for a repeated measures MANOVA using one IV and two DVs?
Difference between unrestricted VECM and restricted VECM?
Visualize survival analysis with time dependent covariates
Getting the good prediction standard error with R and/or SAS
Entropy-based methods in R
Stuck with interactions in logistic regression analysis
Discussion about proxy- and instrument variables and endogeneity in the context of a multi equation model
Validation error less than training error -- implications?
Confusion related to linear dynamic systems
How can I quantify the phase/amplitude relationship between two signals?
Bootstrapping - with population data (dependent variable is not normally distributed)
(Nominal) raters with no gold standard
Expected value of modified geometric distribution
Good measures of feature selection and class separability in classification machine learning problems
T-test or Wilcoxon signed rank or Mann–Whitney U
Error distribution of support vector machine
How do I model interaction of three boolean variables for logistic regression when there are empty cells?
Trying to test the Significance of the Seattle Seahawks Home Field Advantage
Is is ok to use credit spreads to account for a drop in time series for vector error correction model?
Good-Turing smoothing when everything appears once
Chi-square test in finite mixture models
Understanding output of a GEE model in R - Naive S.E vs. Robust S.E?
Student T CDF - How to read the hypergeometric function formula?
What statistical test should I use to assess rate of photosynthesis in leaf discs?
Thompson sampling with multivariate posterior distribution
How to test for integrated order 2/non-stationary I(2)?
Bootstrapping hierarchical/multilevel data (resampling clusters)
Test for treatment change
Influential residual vs. outlier
Hypothesis tests on 2-dimensional panel data w/ 1 characteristic?
case down-weighted to emulate equal presence and absences
What is the difference between the sum of two covariance matrices and the covariance matrix of the sum of two variables?
Problem with comparing GLM models having a different link function
Forecast pricing data with lead times?
Machine learning algorithm for ranking
How to forecast number of donations?
Central Moments of Symmetric Distributions
What is the best way to show visually the connection between prediction value and independent features?
Appropriate threshold to map a similarity value to an edge in a graph
What is the standard error for the distribution of the difference in proportions (for hypothesis testing)?
Research Methodology on Fareless Bus System
Where does the definition of the hyperplane in a simple SVM come from?
Interpretation of p-value in hypothesis testing
Most relevant algorithms for Collaborative Filtering to test against
Find the limiting distribution of $W_n$
Weka J48 decision tree problem
How to compute the distribution of sums when rolling 'N' dice with 'M' faces?
Covariance of transformed random variables
Sources for sampling in case-control studies
False-error rate in a Pearson test, when approximation by a $\chi^2$ distribution is invalid?
Bootstrap randomized Lasso selection for a Cox model
Example of time series prediction using neural networks in R
Peakedness of a skewed probability density function
Correlation with different vector length - same time period
What kind of Diagram to visualize Results from Software Usability test?
Is there a hello, world for statistical graphics?
Can we apply inferential statistics on the entire population?
Conditional expectation of discrete variables
R vs Python for Data Analysis
how would you approach giving an introductory class about Bayesian statistics?
has anyone implemented an autoencoder with random forests
How to combine results of logistic regression and random forest?
how do I interpret the following hypothesis test?
What is the probability of randomly selecting n random numbers in the range 1-m in sorted order?
Massive Textual Corpus
Coursera Neural Nets
Using collaborative filtering to clean data and the other way around
What is the relationship between correlation coefficients and regression coefficients in multiple regression?
Confusion related to Kalman filters density view
With regards to asymettric error bars, what is the correct alternative to S.E.M. when data are strictly positive and near zero?
Significant differences and related variables
What does static in the context of a SEM mean?
How can you run a correlation coefficient test among two ordinal variables with uneven scales?
Matrix of correlations between the residuals in a SEM fitted by R systemfit function
Estimating comparative success of different brochures
How to control the cost of misclassification in Random Forests?
Mean survival time of a Weibull distribution
Bootstrapping unbalanced clustered data (non-parametric bootstrap)
How to calculate the population survival probability in a two stage randomized clinical trial?
Dummy's, significant and not significant
Johansen cointegration test with stationary variables
Get a representative vector from a large set, and compare it with samples
Flying Bomber aircraft through SAM sites - combining normal distributions
How do I do basic hypothesis testing in a Bayesian framework?
How to compute the distribution of a function of multiple random variables?
Mean Square Error definition for symmetric models
High dimensional parametric skew distribution
Determining MLE of a distribution with sufficient statistics
When to use likelihood ratio test vs. incremental F-test in nested nonlinear model selection?
How would you do Bayesian ANOVA and regression in R?
Distribution of ratio of sample means from two independent normal variables?
How to combine 3 random variables?
Reliability ratings in Bayes' theorem
How to use finite population correction in multiple regression?
Cross-validation of a Cox model
Plotting logistic regression interaction (categorical) in R
Include insignificant predictor with low variance?
Confusion related to calculation of conditional distribution
Confusion related to modelling of temporal correlation
Are case-control studies one example of an extreme group design?
Interaction of terms
How, and should I, use KL-divergence to improve a naive Bayes classifier?
Accounting for categorical variable in only a few observations
Write down the log-likelihood function for this model
How to correctly specify nesting for lme formula
Post-hoc comparison in glmm with interaction
Sparse representations for denoising problems
Importance of variables in logistic regression
Confusion related to calculation of likelihood
Does it make sense to cut a continuous variable to intervals?
Relationship between number of training set and classification performance
Multinomial logistic regression with constant variable
Confusion related to a derivation
Confusion related to derivation of product of gaussian
Increasing the sample size does not help the classification performance
forgetfulness of the prior in the Bayesian setting?
Luck or skill in 3-person game
Importance of the power of t-test in the case when $H_0$ is rejected
Comparing player percentages effectiveness with different sample sizes
Ordinal regression vs. summated score
Assessing the ability of two quantitative methods measuring the same thing
Sample size vs. number of samples
Combining labeled and unlabeled data for training
Is it possible to to test for significance functions of regression coefficients in multiple regression
Best machine learning algorithm for loans dataset?
Is it advantageous to use dummy variables when learning a regression model?
Choosing the right correlation coefficient
Intervals for a scale-based answer
Orthogonal contrasts in R
Error propagation and under-represented variable
Feature selection using caret + repeatedcv
Any alternatives for plotting (long) time series?
Comparing performance between individuals across time with variable number of measurements
What is the joint probability distribution of two same variables
Is ordinal or interval data required for the Wilcoxon signed rank test?
How to test whether two means of categorisation generate significantly different results
How can you detect if a Gaussian process is over-fitting?
Adding a quadratic term: should I use the squared original (and not the squared standardized?)
How to select the best variables by RandomForest in R?
How to test if two coins have different biases?
Pearson residuals formula in a multinomial logit model
Using the R forecast package with missing values and/or irregular time series
Basic Bayesian MCMC to estimate two parameters from binomial distributions given unknown number of trials
Matching covariates between more than 2 groups
Confusion related to derivation of the log likelihood
Multivariate distance function in Excel
VAR vs STAR for space-time autoregression in Python
Getting started with interior point methods
What are good techniques for modeling small datasets?
How to calculate this formula for variance?
How to calculate a probability of a sequence of observations in Hidden Markov Model?
Techniques for analyzing ratios
Automatically choose a bandwidth in R
Applying log-transformation when comparing two populations
How to derive mean of chi square variable function using the MGF?
Classification optimal decisions considering a loss function
Real examples of multinomial distribution
High Standard Errors for Coefficients imply Model is bad?
Defining the uniformity of a dataset
Multiple imputation with the Amelia package
Correlated time-series
Sheather-Jones bandwidth algorithm implementation in java?
Questions on paramatric and non-parametric bootstrap
samples from forecasts of VAR time series model in R
A problem on a.s. convergence
How to investigate a 3-way interaction?
fitting an exponential function using least squares vs. generalized linear model vs. nonlinear least squares
Is significance of the p-value reliable with extremely small sample sizes?
Determining the probability that two functions produce the same outputs, when not all outputs of one function are known
Confusion related to convexity and non convexity of a problem
Survival analysis for event prediction
Error in boxcox.default(y ~ x) : response variable must be positive
Compute significance of Kendall tau-b?
Stationarity tests for time series
Index plot for each cluster sorted by the silhouette
Simple way to fit large number of single factor logistic regression models in R - automatically
Combined variance following multiple imputation with survival model
Weak law of large numbers - redundant?
Statistical properties of parameters estimated by method of Lagrange multipliers in R
Variable entered in logistic regression model is part of another variable entered in the same model
How to do Regression with many replicates on the dependent variable at each level of the independent variable?
Data visualization from hierarchical clustering
Statistical query: Is the conclusion justifiable?
Bias correction in weighted variance
How to interpret a scatter plot for the whole model in a linear multiple regression analysis?
How to estimate the parameters of a Gaussian distribution sample with outliers?
Hypothesis tests and confidence intervals
Slope Derivation for the variance of a least square problem via Matrix notation
I can't test a contrast in my repeated-measures ANOVA in Stata 12. Why?
Missing values replacement?
Estimating mass proportions from fractional samples
Derivation of Rayleigh-distributed random variable
Randomly picking from $n$ choices roughly $n$ times. What's the resulting frequency distribution called?
What is the Fisher information for the truncated poisson distribution?
Decision Tree as variable selection for Logistic Regression
Can SD be calculated from binned data? How to test non-random groups that are clearly different?
Best method to validate a multiply imputed Cox model with R?
Achieving statistical significance in an A/B test
Matrix completion: How to assign names to the completed columns?
Using propensity scores from twang in coxph
Johansen's $\Pi$ is full rank except variables are non-stationary
Poisson / exponential distribution
How to decide what to do with missing data when doing data analysis?
Cluster analysis with skewed distibutions
Transformation of kurtotic distribution with mean approximately 0
Test with Student's t
Preliminary estimates of ARIMA in R?
How does extreme random forest differ from random forest?
auto.arima from Forecast package
Correlate continuous data with dichotomous data, with correction for an ordinal variable?
Is there a KS test for panel data?
Latent class model with both continuous and categorical indicators in R
Minitab and output
Can I categorize the factor scores to use them as predictors of an ordinal logistic regression?
Two fair coins, why increasing trials in prop.test not reduce false positive?
Non negative least squares with minimal colinearity
Free PDF for Bayes
Paired t-test and two-sample t-test
Creating fuzzy values for binary data
PCA before random forest classification
Missing values in GLM
Elementary MCMC pseudocode
Nested repeated measures analysis
How can I use KL-divergence to weight features?
Maximum likelihood of function of the mean on a restricted parameter space
Residual plot with a slope of 1
Interpretation of the regression coefficient of a proportion type independent variable
What principled arguments are made with data?
Propensity score weighting in Cox PH analysis and covariate selection
Calculating the probability of a sum of Poisson-distributed random variables
What if results from a Breusch-Pagan test for heteroscedasticity contradicts those of a White's test?
How can I get annual rates of change for combined trend estimates?
What's a stationary VAR?
Mann-Whitney U test and K-S test with unequal sample sizes
Mathematical basis for conditional probability
Does Mahalanobis distances have significance associated with them?
How to run a logistic regression with multiple related dependent variables?
Meaning of intercept in multinomial regression with binary predictors?
How to assess the quality of a return period estimate?
Data mining techniques in Obama's campaign
What are the advantages of Multiple Kernel Learning (MKL) methods?
Load forecast model with temperature data
Function of an efficient estimator
Use squared correlation in regression without intercept
Regression - significance of a variable
Bias items and probability estimates in LibSVM
F Test: $F_{4, 81}(5\%) \approx F_{4,60}(5\%) - (81 - 60)(F_{4, 60}(5\%) - F_{4,120}(5\%))/60$. Where does this come from?
Do we need to apply the same transformation of predictors on a test dataset?
Constructing an orthogonal polynomial regression model
Difference-in-difference with interaction terms
Card deck reshuffling
Plotting the fitted values and their confidence intervals
Always get confused by probabilities and weighted probabilities type of questions as cant differentiate between two
Pre- post- questionnaire (t-test)
Expected Value of Integral of Stochastic Process
Covariance estimate is zero for random compoment
Auto crop black borders from a scanned image by making stats about gray values
How far will self study get me?
How does power analysis differ between paired sample and independent groups t-test?
How to model whether or not a city is thriving?
Deep belief network performs worse than a simple MLP
What are good initial weights in a neural network?
How should I interpret the p-values (i.e. t-tests) in regressions, and can I use them for feature selection?
Logistic regression: how to choose negative examples for training set
Individual differences scaling, additional investigations
How to test for serial correlation of a time series itself (not residuals)?
Transforming two normal random variables
Ancova: What I can do when assumptions aren't met?
Clustering and variable selection
References about profiled deviance components
Interpreting main effect coefficient in different models
Using least squares to estimate mean
Constructing most powerful critical region basics
test for correlation of a multivariate non-normal distribution
Finding the distribution of a statistic
EM algorithm for fitting GMM in multivariate case in R
residualize binary outcome variable
Regression using SVMs
Estimating population size and a proportion
What is the difference between using the multiplication rule or using Venn diagram subtraction for probability?
Imputation for a zero-inflated negative binomial mixed effects model
Pooling the results of random hot-deck imputation
Obtaining a log-normal waiting time via sequential exponential or gamma distributions - is it possible?
Comparing two Bayesian models
How to simulate sum of two normal distributed variables when linearly transformed?
Calculating the probability of a rare event
Understanding unbiased ridge regression
Calculating log-likelihood for given MLE (Markov Chains)
Limits of integration for computing a marginal distribution
Analyse unbalanced repeated measures 2x2x2x2 type II anova interactions
Defining Empirical Risk Minimization
Dividing controls between two groups of cases
Kriging on log transformed rainfall data
AR1 and Law Of Iterated Expectations : No serial correlation
What sort of data would be visualized with these colormaps?
Choosing features to identify Twitter questions as “useful”
How to explain what density is and the interpretation of the curve's height to non-statisticians
fitting the tail of a distribution in a regression tree
Fitting Lognormal Distribution in WinBugs
How to test proportions of a Categorical response variable for a Repeated measures design with Unequal Sample Size?
What is the difference between an estimator and a statistic?
Two seasonal periods in ARIMA using R
R: Defining a new continuous distribution function to use with Kolmogorov-Smirnov Test
Median Averaging and Error Analysis
Computing precision of continuous classifier with ordinal outcome
Time-series stationarity
Logit versus Probit
Non-inferiority testing without normal approximation
How to calculate cumulative Poisson probabilities without adding each one if no. of outcomes is large and hence, adding (without excel) is difficult?
does it make sense for non-negative data to subtract the mean and divide by the std dev?
Does this break down adding independent probabilities?
Selecting GAM with/without random effects - residual plots vs. AIC
Understanding the bivariate Poisson distribution
Kriging on log transformed rainfall data
What is the intuition behind beta distribution?
How to measure user trust in crowd-sourced data?
Minimizing variance of an estimator under sampling cost penalty
Explain ridge in the log-likelihood for Logistic Regression classifier
Logistic regression in R with large amounts of data
Confusion related to multicollinearity, FA and regression of heterogeneous data
Not quite sure where the log-likelihood function comes from
What's the most pain-free way to fit logistic growth curves in R?
How does the sampling distribution of sample means approximate the population mean?
Combining between and within-subjects designs?
P-values for quantile regression with replicate weight via the 'survey' withReplicates function
Remove for systematic error (ANOVA)
Comparing means of two simple time series
Uncertainty on parameter of unknown function
Confidence intervals (ex-ante) for not-least squere forecasting method
Training an SVM classifier with non-negative weight constraint
Comparing two sets of data for similarity
ANOVA 'factor level comparison' methods
Linear model with log-transformed response vs. generalized linear model with log link
Standard deviation of the sum of regression coefficients
Random walk with drift are differences white noise?
Rao-Blackwellization of sequential Monte Carlo filters
Spearmans and variable units
SVM failing entirely with when test set is varied
Bivariate CDF estimation
Formula for one-sided Hodrick-Prescott filter
How to visualize three different data sets on the same graph?
Inter quartile range and outliers in boxplot with logarithmic y-axis
How concerned should I be about the appropriateness of my prior?
Handling poor inter-rater reliability while minimizing the loss of data
Calculate initial propabilities of Hidden Markov Chain
Exponent for non-linear regression (in R)?
Is there a common family of weight functions for which the center is zero?
Appropriate statistics for proportions where categories are composites of independent binary variables?
Is there any way to define a distance metric given a Hidden Markov Model?
Calculating the likelihood of time series data when there are missing data
Troublesome residual plot from linear mixed model
Estimate global mean and stdev from samples taken at regular intervals
Checking normality of residuals in 2x2 mixed methods ANOVA
K-L divergence is 0 for clearly different distributions. Why?
Non-parametric confidence interval for a small sample
What's another word for tails when referring to distributions?
Can you use proportions as a covariate in a Cox proportional hazards model?
SAS error: variance covariance matrix singular
What is the best way to enter data to analyze answers from a Likert scale?
Cohen's d between groups over time question
Pandas / Statsmodel / Scikits-learn
Bayesian batting average prior
Results Difference: Frequentist vs. Bayesian
Test for linear separability
I am getting a number below zero when calculating out two standard deviations from the mean. Is this ok?
What are the assumptions for quantile regression?
How to view large time series data interactively?
When is blocked Metropolis sampling more efficient?
In logistic regression, does the lack of significance of the parameter estimates in a test sample indicate overfitting?
Relaxing the parallel lines assumption in a proportional odds model
Fitting data/determining parameter values for custom (biPareto) distribution
Ensemble time series model
Power analysis ordinal probit regression
Best analysis for count data as response variable
Significant differences among fit lines - ANCOVA not enough?
Markov Chain process - Missing values
Sample size calculation for t-test
Metrics of correlation for 3+ variables
Principal component regression and including variables not in the PCA
Strange values of Cohen's kappa
How to compare three different replacements for eggs in baking?
'Forward Stagewise' option in LARS algorithm
Determining sample size for correlated data
How does a Daniell kernel differ from a two sided average?
Why does the Phi coefficient approximates the Pearson's correlation?
Count explanatory variable, ratio dependent variable
Testing equality of two binomial proportions proportion (one near 100 %)
Unknown p-value calculation
Spacings between discrete uniform random variables
Latent Dirichlet analysis document comparison
Indicator variables and backward elimination with GLM
Exploratory data analysis
Analyzing split-plot design in lme4 in R
Confidence intervals for log normal responses
Hotelling's T (or something similar) on results of relative importance analysis
Binary classification of DNA motif sequences (bioinformatics)
Can we reconstruct the hidden (latent) variables after executing EM?
Density of robots doing random walk in an infinite random geometric graph
Likelihood ratio test for MLE (Markov Chain)
Citation for Continuous Space Hill Climbing Algorithm pseudocode on Wikipedia?
How is the MA part of ARMA solved for?
Beta regression of proportion data including 1 and 0
Probability of an order statistic
Is a MANOVA justified?
Algorithm for selecting interactions without very many degrees of freedom (mgcv, gam)
Dealing with regression of unusually bounded response variable
Precision and recall in a multi-class classification system?
Significance of the component in a multivariate linear model (within-design)
What are the standard hypothesis tests in any type of regression?
Can the bias introduced by lasso change the sign of a coefficient?
How to interpret a box plot?
Comparing distributions as opposed to medians?
How can I implement logistic regression in live decision system?
What's the bar above x called in the sample mean?
How to interpret the overlap or non-overlap of two related confidence intervals
Distribution/expected length of the shortest path in infinite random geometric graphs
Expected Value of Quadratic Form
Visualize before and after score
Is the logit function always the best for regression modeling of binary data?
Computing conditional expectation of ordered normal random variables
T-test when observations are years
Supervised learning algorithms for classification, that we should read first
Calculating Gini coefficient with unbound income brackets?
Algorithm to produce autocorrelated uniformly distributed number
what kind of regression model I should use for integer and bounded dependent variable?
Changing attributes from nominal to binary
Tools to detect jumps in a linear time series
What does the y axis in a kernel density plot mean?
Order statistic of dependent chi-squares
Symmetric measure of variable contribution to a regression
How to compare ranked data?
binomial confidence intervals using a sin link
Longitudinal regression: problem with listwise deletion (relative importance estimation, R, package RelaImpo)
Differences between groups
Calculating transition probabilities for Ehrenfest diffusion
Sum standard deviation vs standard error
Extremely unequal sample size in logistic regression
Number of interactions in ANOVA with 4 independent variables
Relating Statistics to Grades (No number)
The expressive power of PoE over MoE
Good Tutorial for Restricted Boltzmann Machine (RBM)
understanding variation of data and visualization
Multiple linear regression with restricted ranges in R
Exploratory data analysis for discrete data
Maximum likelihood fitting of truncated, mixed, two population systems
How to interpret the intercept term in a GLM?
Show that the probability that the first return to state $1$ occurs at time $k$ is $(0.5)^{k-1}$
Which R package to use to conduct a latent class growth analysis (LCGA) / growth mixture model (GMM)?
Unscented Kalman filter-negative covariance matrix
How statistical packages calculate power
Fitting a growth mixture model using lcmm (R package) - encountering difficulties
lm() - model specification
LASSO vs AIC for feature selection with the Cox model
how to check the correlation between two matrix
How do I use student's-t distribution without the sample size?
Likelihood-ratio test or z-test?
Whitening and unwhitening for sparse coding
Where does the summation sign come from when working out expected value of time
PCA and SVD, R prcomp
Merge covariance matrices
Estimating covariance of the difference of directional distributions derived from Gaussian mixtures
Repeated measures ANOVA, with same subjects under 2 treatments
classifiers providing probability of being correct
Correlated bivariate normal distribution: finding percentage of of data which is 2 standard deviations above the mean?
Variable selection and logistic regression
Is there a concept called contribution in statistics?
Heavy tailed multi-variate distribution
Variable selection with restricted cubic splines
Mixed model specification with nlme in R
What does statistical power mean when we are interested in the probability of correctly not rejecting the null hypothesis?
Time series forecast in R with yearly frequency
Standard error of random effects in R (lme4) vs Stata (xtmixed)
On-line pearson calculator for students
Find the limiting distribution of $Z_n$
Bayesian and frequentist approaches: What are some success stories for the former?
What is the difference between limiting and stationary distributions?
Mean absolute error OR root mean squared error?
Contrasts in mixed model
Which correlation analysis is appropriate for binary and ordinal variables?
How to reliably estimate a random sum of unreliable elements?
Thinking about how adding extra variables affect linear regressions
How would you preprocess data for SVD?
What is this graph called?
Computing c-index for an external validation of a Cox PH model with R
A constant as an admissible estimator
How to find marginal distribution from joint distribution with multi-variable dependence?
Conceptual distinction between heteroscedasticity and non-stationarity
Seeking a new note-taking tool, for studying math and stats (with Latex support)
Sign of correlation of logged variables
Kolmogorov-Smirnov with discrete data: What is proper use of dgof::ks.test in R?
State Space formulation of Hodrick-Prescott ﬁlter
Reference needed - Who first introduced linear models, fixed and random effects models?
Delta method in a multinomial logistic regression
How to show independence and interpret the result
Any suggestions for a good undergraduate introductory textbook to statistics?
Is there any theory governing factors vs flags
Convergence in distribution and CDF
Treating non-stationarity of time series in seasonal adjusted data with R
Is there a method to know if we can apply regression to certain dataset and obtain satisfactory results?
Is standardization needed before fitting logistic regression?
Standard errors for covariance estimate in R
Statistically describing/visualizing non-overlap in a large set of time-series data
What statistical analysis is most appropriate for a cross-over treatment design? How many participants?
Sample size calculation for mixed models
Hidden Markov Model: How to deal with multiple symbols emitted from a given state
Difference of Gamma random variables
Comparing results to 50% chance with ANOVA
Power calculations, logistic regression with continuous exposure--cohort
Time series prediction when data is not i.i.d
Not sure how numerator changes in conditional probability question
Assumptions of Quade Rank-Based ANCOVA
Sampling Stationary Vector Autoregression coefficients while Gibbs Sampling
What is the correct way to choose tests for pairwise comparison after ANOVA?
Explanation of picking an orthogonal array in the Taguchi method
How often do you have to roll a 6-sided dice to obtain every number at least once?
Incidence density
Confusion related to difference of kriging and gaussian processes
How do I extend Inverse distance weighting to take into account uncertanities?
Evaluate $\lim_{n \to \infty} \sum_{j=0}^{n}{{j+n-1} \choose j}\frac{1}{2^{j+n}}$
Statistical test for computer-systems performance analysis?
predict() - multinomial logistic regression
Methods for evaluating predictive models in two-outcome systems
Variance of log-odds probabilities
What are the use cases related to cluster analysis of different distance metrics?
Regarding the convergence assessment on Markov chain monte carlo (MCMC)
Confusion related to kriging
Limits to tree-based ensemble methods in small n, large p problems?
Markov chain prediction with unknown states
Spatial autocorrelation versus spatial stationarity
How to compare the means of two dependent groups when the groups are not paired?
Time series prediction with non-constant sampling interval
Time series for Intermittent (1 month per year) data in R
Predicting continuous variables from text features
Is there a name for the variables in a regression equation that cause it to be overfit or near-overfit?
Assumptions of correlation coefficient
Likelihood ratio test for structural change (time series) in R
ANOVA or Regression? 1 Continuous factor & 1 Categorical factor with continuous response variables
Where does the $-u$ come from when working out $P(U > u)$?
The gradient of a bivariate probit model
equivalence testing for a chi-squared test
What is symmetric property for stationary distribution
Disagreement between normality tests and histogram graphs
Interpreting the output of a neural network
Recommend a graduate-level regression textbook?
mobForest R Package
Does finite kth moment imply lesser moments are finite?
How do you code three summation functions in WinBUGS?
Coding of semi-numerical variables
What is the difference between logit-transformed linear regression, logistic regression, and a logistic mixed model?
How to fill missed data for future time series forecasting?
Using regression splines for values outside of the calibration range
Observed info matrix via Hessian
Compare measure vs. true value: Methods and Visualization
Conditional expectation of exponential random variable
What is the proper test for inter-rater reliability (three raters, ordinal data)
Where can I find time series data to assess accuracy of forecast?
What function could be a kernel?
Proof of closeness of kernel functions under pointwise product
Regression with 3 measurement points (in R)
Summarising significance tests for multiple independent variables
Collapsibility: Odds Ratios versus Risk Ratios
Interpreting result of k-means clustering in R
Is it fair to say that most epidemiological studies are observational?
Comparing ballot data from two consecutive elections
How to generate two negatively correlated random series of numbers?
Transforming Percent Change: Lognormal Distribution?
Smoothing 2D data
Training a model on a broad patient population, then testing on a specific subset population
How to test equal means when the observations are based on estimates?
Using neural network trading in stock exchange, part 2
How can I perform transformations on vector-valued random variables?
Linear regression - variance error term
Determining optimal height for regression tree
Pearson correlation of one log-transformed variable
Can I calculate statistical significance for change scores using pre-post tests in a single subject study (n=1)?
Distribution of number of times units are chosen for a simple random sample
Testing the race model inequality in R
How one defines the expected value of two parameter distribution?
Can EFA be conducted on dependent variables?
Purpose of the link function in generalized linear model
Conjugate prior for a Gaussian model with shifted variance
Recurrence definition for a Markov chain
Confused about proper way to normalize two variables
Nelson-Aalen estimator in discrete time
When regression is run on population
Basic questions about discrete time survival analysis
How to create a random variables in a simulation using skewness and kurtosis as well as average and standard deviation input?
Sum of squares of residuals instead of sum of residuals
Are the degrees of freedom for Welch's test always less than the DF of the pooled test?
Correlation between two sets of time series data
Build a path probability tree for journeys through a website
Least angle regression packages for R or MATLAB
Values for integral of square of standard Brownian process
Random walk on $\mathbb{Z}$
Proof of theorem on recurrent states and its equivalence class
Limit of quantile normalization
Hot deck imputation: validity of double imputation and selection of deck variables for a regression
What is restricted maximum likelihood and when should it be used?
Any suggestion for a good introductory to optimization for parameter estimation?
What is most appropriate test?
Cannibalization of product sales
Evaluate adequacy of hidden Markov models
Relation between categories
Multicollinearity between categorical and continuous variable
Generalized Linear Mixed Model in R with repeated measures
Randomised trials: Risk of unknown confounders in large comapred to small studies
How are the classes determined in a growth mixture model?
Choosing which variable to sample to get a better model
Nested mixed model
What is the adjusted R-squared formula in lm in R and how should it be interpreted?
multi-armed bandit with seasonality
Probability of being included in a Ranked Set Sample
Prerequisites for AIC model comparison
Kaplan-Meier p-values
When to include a random effect in a model
Is that overfitting?
significance test to use for multiple conversions in an A/B test
Unit root test confusion
Suppose that $R^2=0$ . Does this imply that Y and X are unrelated?
Enormous coefficients in logistic regression - what does it mean and what to do?
How to sample from a multivariate normal given the $P^T LDL^T P$ decomposition of $\Sigma$?
Resampling with replacement permutation analysis
Possible outcomes of approximate profile-likelihood estimator (APLE) for spatial autocorrelation
Observed vs predicted values from a logit model
Why doesn't k-means give the global minimum?
Interpreting numerical value of standard error of the mean
Practical interpretation for $u_t = \log(x_t) - \log(x_{t-1})$
Coupled Hidden Markov Models
What does it mean to develop a proper implementation of the grammar of graphics?
Properties of AR(p) model to be invertible
Transform higher order Markov Chain to first order
Fisher discrimination power of a variable and Discriminant analysis. Algebra of LDA
How to analyze Max Diff via R or SPSS
Is there a general rule about max nr of variables to use in (generalized) linear model?
Finding correlation coefficient
Determine likelihood that a list of N items contains no negative results after examining X items
Why do different estimators for stock volatility exist? (Realized Variance, RAV, etc)
Big Data vs multiple hypothesis testing?
How to calculate the probability of absence for a certain category of artefacts from a sample, given prior knowledge about its abundance?
Cost function for validating Poisson regression models
Data analysis for stratified data
Is there a reason to prefer a specific measure of multicollinearity?
Ordinal variable with 0.3% of observations in one category - delete, ignore?
Is this a valid markov chain?
Are Product KDEs proper density functions?
AIC/BIC: how many parameters does a permutation count for?
Stationary matrix given a transition matrix
Effect size in contrast analysis
Intuitive explanation for periodicity in Markov chains
Why the prediction of neural network doesn't change?
Benefit in getting Orthogonal dimensions from a data set
How does scikit-learn perform $\chi^2$ feature selection on non-categorical features?
Using fitted GLM model to simulate y's from new x-values
Multiple imputations via MICE package: is there an upper limit for number of imputations?
How are user opinions compared?
Why am I getting different intercept values in R and Java for simple linear regression?
Significant change in estimate with new observation?
3-class classification with different costs
Estimating parameters of a normal distribution: median instead of mean?
Establishing relationship between discrete vector and categorical vector
Can we use as predictor a variable that was used in the calculation of the dependent (a ratio)?
Negative and positive AICc/BIC for two models with transformed data - how to compare?
kernel density estimation of a Dirichlet distribution
SEM or path analysis using AMOS, issues with sample size and model complexity
Interpreting non-visual linear regression results
Using Index of Multiple Deprivation (IMD) Scores in a Linear Regression
What machine learning algorithm solves this problem?
Normal distributed random numbers in time - expected behaviour - askew distributions?
Maximum likelihood estimators for a truncated distribution
Can paired samples be treated as un-paired for 1-way ANOVA
Principal components analysis: how independent should the input measures be?
Multidimensional scaling of random matrix
Robust parameter estimation for Exponentially modified Gaussian distribution
What is the name of (and alternatives to) this Bayesian point-estimate?
General definition of stochastic processes
Measuring dispersion of tokens within a text file
Classifying handwritten digits using PCA
Using exponential smoothing to forecast irregularly spaced data in R
Estimating two-stage selection model with probit reduced form equation and ols structural form equation in R
Sampled median's accuracy
Analyzing trends in distributions
Chi-square test for non-linear least squares
Perils of adding squared terms to model DOE data
Proportional odds model with random effects
Propagation of uncertainty through an average
If a tennis match was a single large set, how many games would give the same accuracy?
ARIMA-GARCH model for exchange rates
If not a Poisson, then what distribution is this?
Error Bars for Peaks in Noisy Data
Z scores derived from a regression equation in one group applied to other groups
Probability of collisions in queues of Poisson process
Calculate DIC from WinBUGS output
Finding gaussian distribution given 15th and 50th percentile.
Possible outcomes of Approximate profile-likelihood estimator (APLE) for spatial autocorrelation
Quantile regression with one predictor
Non-intuitive answer from a Poisson regression
Under what circumstances is an N < 30 acceptable?
How to arrive at class probabilities for each case in a GMM using R/OpenMX
How does software generally fit ARMA models?
Correlation based on binary events
Question on re-indexing data for graphing
Interaction in generalized linear model
Analogues of sensitivity and specificity for continuous outcomes
What is the difference between distribution free statistics/methods and non-parametric statistics?
How to estimate Poisson process using R? (Or: how to use NHPoisson package?)
Options for aggregating dispersion data
Multiple regression with repeatedly measured independent variables?
Why do percentage-based forecast error measures assume a meaningful zero?
Definition of simultaneous equation modelling
Estimate the second moment of a latent variable using a conditionally unbiased proxy
REML use in GLMM
How to output training error when using cv.glmnet from the glmnet package in R?
Markov chain model likelihood ratio test
Dummies, clustered standard errors or both?
Are splines overfitting the data?
On the uniform convergence of relative frequencies of events to their probabilities
Computing weighted standard deviation using lowess mean values
Can high quality clusters be found in every data set?
Latent variables in Bayes nets with no physical interpretation
Comparing observed and predicted values across several measurements
Confused by Benjamini-Hochberg-like false detection rate calculation in paper
Proportions test in R
What's this called? A small Gaussian at every data point to estimate probability
Some problems understanding the definition of a function in a maximum likelihood method
Can multinomial regression do what I want?
lmer interpretation of correlation
An alternative to Granger Causality test when (short) time series are not stationary?
Markov random field and iterated condition mode
ANOVA results do not match post-hoc Tukey test, how to proceed?
High SRMR despite good fit based on other indices in SEM (latent growth curve)
Post-hoc test after 2-factor repeated measures ANOVA in R?
ANOVA claims that model is singular
Interpreting p-value significance from Pearson correlation
Urn with non-uniform probabilities
Comparison of entropy and distribution of bytes in compressed/encrypted data
Diagnosing why MICE is crashing R when attempting to impute multilevel data
GLM vs square root data transformation
Central limit theorem and the law of large numbers
Comparing confidence limits
Can I use z-scores to compare results from different measures?
Correlation of lognormal processes
PCA with zero-spike variables
Why does MICE fail to impute multilevel data with 2l.norm and 2l.pan?
Understanding the predictions from logistic regression
Creating a descriptive table
Categorical distribution in JAGS
Generalized Linear Model in SPSS with common values among predictors treated as subpopulations. Why?
Analysis and writing up results
Particle filtering importance weights
How do I identify this trap error in WinBUGS?
Suggested books on spatial statistics
How to generate iid samples from the linear congruent method?
Level of analysis and assumption of independence in Pearson Chi-square test
Relation between statistical randomness, uniform distribution and independence
Finding the limiting distribution
Random walk with restricted graph knowledge
A probability distribution model for Jaccard similarity
Creating conditional probability distribution
What advantages does Poisson regression have over linear regression in this case?
Variables that do not converge in winbugs
Cox proportional hazards with time-dependent covariates: predict in R
Thinning chains in BUGS/JAGS
Grouping trials decreases standard error?
Relation between different ML models
Importance of normal distribution
CDF and confidence interval on non-parametric binomial data
Path analysis of empirically evauluated model and sample size
Approximating binomial distribution by normal distribution
Anderson-Darling critical value in R
Non-increasing Log Likelihood with Expectation Maximization
How to interpret F-measure values?
D-efficiency value does not vary in D-optimal design of experiment
Scorecard logistic regression -- include or omit credit grade?
Should I include an interaction term for a covariate if I expect it to be correlated with one or more of the variables?
R's randomForest can not handle more than 32 levels. What is workaround?
Non-exclusive categorical model
Creating joint conditional probability distribution
Significant logistic regression model but poor goodness of fit
Analysis of infection data between two years using parametric or nonparametric tests?
Modifying stochastic meta-descent for variable weight
Figuring out an effect size with a P value for a t-test, sample means, and sample sizes
Standard error of estimates of covariance parameterized in tems of cholesky
What's the deal with autocorrelation?
Imputation with Random Forests
Is correlation equivalent to association?
Evaluation on Binary Outcome data
How important is domain knowledge in our profession?
ANOVA post hoc with concerned about the sphericity
How to calculate a ROC curve? What kind of inputs do you need for that?
How does one apply Kalman smoothing with irregular time steps?
R: Visualizing document clustering results
Scaling count data that contains zeros
Repeated categorical measures in a survey
Expectation of the sample median for symmetric distributions
Data sufficiency -- determining from aggregate
Using Anselin Local Moran's I Values in Regression
Vector calculus in statistics
Relative advantages of multiple imputation and expectation maximization (EM)
Significance test for classification systems
Dealing with non-flat, unbounded data on a single observation
Distribution of eigenvalues given one is known
How to choose asymmetric biplots in correspondence analysis
Treating multiple Dichotomies combined?
error variance calculations for reliability analysis of a composite metric in HLM
Confirmatory factor analysis using SEM: What do we do with items with zero variance?
Comparing logistic regression models with the same IVs
Example of classification dataset where SVM with linear kernel performs well
Parameter estimate for linear regression with regularization
Simple machine learning: bot detection
Trend line does not seem to fit data
What is the difference between two-ways and individual effects in GMM estimation for panel analysis?
How to statistically compare two algorithms across three datasets in feature selection and classification?
In general which runs test is more powerful?
How to interpret the sum of the elements of an inverse covariance matrix?
Singular value decomposition procedure in R
True meaning of $\pi_0 = 1$ in false discovery rate
Representing experimental data
Standard deviation of a ratio (percentage change)
Stratified randomization with permuted-block randomization
Which model should I use if I get different models using forward and backward Cox regression?
Probability distribution for varying probabilities in R
Which non-parametric model / test to use with a mix of quantitative and categorical variables?
Distributions similar to the family of stable distributions
Decision tree model evaluation for training set  vs testing set  in R
Computing lowess mean value
recommender system implicit rating to ordinal scale
What to do when the predictors do not accord with common sense/literature, but the model is fine/best according to log likelihood and LRT?
Forecasting model inputs that are both auto-correlated and are calibrated over time?
Which test should I use?
Intuition behind medium true positive rate, low false positive rate and acceptable AUC
Simulation of woman's age of getting breast cancer (cumulative incidence rate)
Constrained Least Squares: Variance-Covariance/Std. Error Estimation
How to compare whether the odds of success of different levels of a predictor are different from 0
How to model this odd-shaped distribution (almost a reverse-J)
Calculating Jaccard or other association coefficient for binary data using matrix multiplication
covariance of RVs under a nonlinear transformation
Appropriate analysis on non normal data with different variance
Mann-Whitney for non-normal distributions with n>20?
Is there a standard name for probabilistic graphical models like this?
How do I compute a cutoff based on sensitivity/specificity when the characteristics of my sample is different from the population?
Understanding OLS regression slope formula
Is it possible to compare model fit for a gaussian vs binomial glm
Sampling with or without replacement?
What does population actually refer to?
Species scaling methods in PCoA or CAP using vegan::capscale?
Flipping random coins from a bag - equivalent to a single coin?
Sampling distribution of means
Normal distribution in R
How do I conduct an analysis of an interrupted time series design with a comparison group?
Robust parameter estimation for shifted log normal distribution
Covariate shift correction: standard implementation in R?
Fitting a Weibull function in R
Packages or libraries for multiple-output learning
Explaining Variance
How to find variance between multidimensional points?
Nesting / hierarchical modeling in a pre-post study
More accurate spectra from repeated experiments
Is it important for statisticians to learn machine learning?
Batch gradient descent versus stochastic gradient descent
Predictive performance depends more on expertise of data analyst than on method?
How to test for correlation with data that violates assumption of linearity and is not monotonic?
How much calculus is necessary to understand maximum likelihood estimation?
How to choose clusters from variable clustering (varclus) procedure?
The distribution of a linear combinations of poisson random variables
Kernel Ridge Regression Efficiency
Confusion related to generalized linear model example
Interpretation of Conditional Density Plots
Binomial distribution where probability of success is dependent on another binomial distribution
Effective Sample Size for posterior inference from MCMC sampling
Help understanding the following picture of ACF
Dropping insignificant predictor in Poisson regression
Balanced accuracy vs F-1 score
P-value for multiple regression changes as more points are added
Several intraclass correlations (ICC) when modeling heterogeneous variances?
Puzzled by derivation of time series prediction based on its log
Troubleshooting underidentification issues in structural equation modelling (SEM)
Comparing two vectors from negative binomial distribution in R
Unbiased estimator for variance or Maximum Likelihood Estimator?
Comparing ln(y) =bX vs. OLS and other count data models
Details on specifying random parameters in 3-level HLM in R
Tests for quality of permutation (Y-randomization)
How to Calculate a Z-Score from Power Log Distributions
Multiplying two entropy values
Classification with 3 groups, repeated measurements, missing values, more predictors than subjects
Manually computing bootstrap standard errors in the linear regression setting
How to compare mean distance traveled by two groups?
Finding parameter $p$ of the Bernouilli distribution which is exactly 99% significant
Confusion related to the cross-validated deviance of lasso fit
For a random matrix, shouldn't a SVD explain nothing at all? What am I doing wrong?
Nonparametric and parametric parts in semiparametric credit scoring
The weighted sum of two independent Poisson random variables
What is deviance in lassoglm
Non-significant intercept in regression with a two level factor in R
Credibility Intervals
Comparing many means in JMP
Source code to calculate Cumulative Distribution Function for F-distribution?
The formula for covariance in terms of joint cdf
Assessing the consistency of an estimator of the average path length of a large network
Interpretation of interaction and main effect in a mixed model when one is significant and the other is not
Why do researchers use 10-fold cross validation instead of testing on a validation set?
Interpretation of an equation
Scale parameters -- How do they work, why are they sometimes dropped?
Number of features and accuracy/f-measure - Who can explain this results?
What distributions could help describe my uncertainty about a probabilistic forecast?
Training with very few positives
Comparing two nominal-scale response distributions
Analyzing test scores with different size groups
Test for significance in a time series using R
Frequency data differences test across two groups
Trouble writing likelihood
Logistic Regression - Bayesian Approach - Assessing Classification Precision
Matched binomial pairs
Compare means of two groups with a variable that has multiple sub-group
What is the name of this perceptron-like classifier?
logistic regression with non boolean variables
How to log-transform the confidence interval for the survival function?
Learning to predict maximum of parameterized function class
Generating data using grf and plotting its variogram- Result intrepretation
How to test relative validity statistically?
How do I calculate prediction intervals for random forest predictions?
Using ANOVA to analyse a distribution
Linear regression: b1 has the minimum variance among all unbiased linear estimators of beta1
Standard deviation of a particular dimension in a multivariate Gaussian distribution
Plotting a model in R
Assumptions of generalized linear models
How to calculate expected win percentage where only 2 of 5 values are known?
Wilcoxon-Mann-Whitney Output
What is the UMVUE for $\sigma^2$ in $\mathcal N(0, \sigma^2 )$?
Meaning of hypothesis test for μ = 25; isn't it impossible?
Statistical Test for Differences in Groups Based on Multivariate Function/Map
Post hoc power analysis
How to design good plots for multiple time series?
Variance-covariance matrix in lmer
non-parametric two-sample equivalence tests with unequal sample sizes
When would a neural network outperform an OLS estimate?
Relationship between threshold, number of features and accuracy/error? (text classification)
How to test for a break in a time series cycle
Can I use a non-linear mixed model for data containing both linear and quadratic relationship?
R package for multinomial naive Bayes text classification?
Introductory statistics and econometrics in R
Estimate error of prediction from R-square
What to do when sample covariance matrix is not invertible?
In a multi-level model, what are the practical implications of estimating versus not-estimating random effect correlation parameters?
What data from MATLAB's svmstruct are needed for classification in a different language?
How does ggplot compute confidence intervals for regressions?
Code for evaluating perplexity of an LDA topic model
Measure of dispersion over unordered set
Multiple endpoints in survival analysis of individual careers
Is it possible to get high AUC while the correlation between predictor and response is very low, around 0.01?
seeking statistical measures to use when evaluating a facial photo's quality
Test to use to measure the association of half-deciles
Using Duan Smear factor on a two-part model
Comparing coefficients of time series models
Selection of best split at a given node in RF
Finding MVUE for a Poisson distribution
Multivariate models for ordinal variables
How to test (in Stata) whether the gender distribution of employees to jobs differs across two companies?
Non-normality and heterogeneity in ANCOVA
How to find the MLE for two Dirichlet distributions with same mean
Getting started with mixture models
Why does the rank of the design matrix X equal the rank of X'X?
Stat analysis of seasons duration
Clustered (multilevel) data and fixed effects
Comparing change in average in two groups: Z-test?
Intuitive understanding covariance, cross-covariance, auto-/cross-correliation and power spectrum density
What insights can be found by using leverage plots?
Ways to measure distance from multivariate Gaussian (Mahalanobis distance)
CAP and ROC measures
how does one predict edges / links / connections on a weighted directed graph network?
Bounds for the population variance?
Summary statistics of the precision-recall curve
Simulating data for logistic regression with a categorical variable
What is a good distribution to model average sales
How does anova.lm in R calculates Sum Sq?
How do I calculate the hazard function from the survival rate?
What is a binary explanatory variable?
Cluster analysis comparison
What is an acceptable proportion of events in logistic regression?
Reconciling notations for mixed models
Testing whether there is an increase between two regression slopes in a time series
Interpreting summary function for lm model in R
Is my likelihood function correct?
Why is the Fisher Information matrix positive semidefinite?
Is it standard practice to omit studies lacking an estimate of sample standard deviation from meta-analysis?
How to assess the improvement from a treatment?
Finding the test statistic for a majority hypothesis
Distribution which has maximum or minimum variance for a given entropy
Classification vs. regression for prediction of the sign of a continuous response variable
Separate points in 3 or more dimentions into 2 groups with labels A and B
How could I visualise the importance of different inputs to the forecast for a black-box non-linear model?
$\arctan(-b/a)$ when $a$ and $b$ are i.i.d. normal random variables
Show that $\hat\theta=\frac{2 \bar Y- 1}{1- \bar Y}$ is an unbiased estimator for $\theta$
Is it possible to specify the indices for K-fold cross-validation with the tune function in R?
Average rate versus average period
Spatial autocorrelation of non-homogeneous point data in irregularly shaped sample plots
Categorical independent variable and logistic regression
Local maxima anomalies of likelihood methods
Repeated measures anova or two-way anova?
Poisson processes
Global optimization of deep learning models
Likelihood of events coinciding at random
Hidden Markov model library
behavioral data on contrast sensitivity
What is the best test for validating trends in time-series data?
Omitted variable bias in linear regression
Understanding the whiskers of a boxplot
R statistics: Adjusted Chi-squared test for clustered binary / categorical data
Cost function NN with weight derivation
reconstructing matched data set from R's matching package
Spearman correlation in the presence of many ties - how to spot a problem?
Exponential Distribution - Rate - Bayesian Prior?
How to validate and compare models predicting a binary variable?
Given a historical disease incident rate of x per 100,000, what is the probability of y per 100,000?
Question about asymptotics of steepest descent method in the context of adaptive filtering
What is the distribution of q-values under the null
I want to compare two groups of coin tosses with different number of tosses
description of a Wiener Process assuming a Laplace Distribution
Heckman Selection Model
Finding an appropriate distance/divergence/similarity measure in a real 2D phase space
Realizations of random variable
Fitted values of a random effect model
Multiple Imputation - calculating effect size and reporting results
Kernel density estimation on asymmetric distributions
Empirically validating a forecast distribution
Estimating parameters using Kullback-Leibler or Kolmogorov-Smirnoff via Nelder-Mead
Dealing with zeros in a poisson regression
Approximation of explained variance
How to compute the partial derivative of the cost function of mean regularized multi task learning?
regression with non-independent data
Estimate quantile of value in a vector
Pointers on how to perform a Monte Carlo Analysis
What does correlation between two beta coefficients mean?
Bayesian approach and least-squares approach to multivariate regression with structural design
Are penalized regression techniques greedy algorithms?
How to construct GLMM model for repeated measures with binary responses with lmer
Approximation of explained variance
Inference from linear regression slope and Pearson
How can I do a correlation between Likert scale and an ordinal categorical measure?
Max and min value of coefficient of determination
Compositional analysis vs. Manly selection ratios
Partial Correlation Interpretation
Use of data on a website
Seasonal intervention effects
Inequality involving interquartile range and standard deviation
Nested outcome categories in a multinomial logistic
PCA or no PCA. Which results are true
High heteroscedasticity level
Clustering and correlations
How to report significance of a variable that is dependent on two others?
How to set up a posterior predictive test quantities (Bayesian context) to check for independent Poisson distributions?
How to tell if residuals are autocorrelated from a graphic
Is a chisquare on a (nearly) complete population data necessary?
Are standardized betas in multiple linear regression partial correlations?
Using scatter plots to understand multiple values of Y for a given X
P-value for ML estimate of error-autoregressive parameters in R using GLS with ARMA(p=1) correlation
Bayesian estimation of Dirichlet distribution parameters
Sample size effects on R squared
How to predict one time-series from another time-series, if they are related
Kullback-Leibler vs Hellinger Distance
Computing type II error $\beta$
Between subjects repeated measures ANOVA in R - 5 brands, 11 measurements
Help me figure out the profile likehihood given this covariance function
Global warming testing
Mutual Information really invariant to invertible transformations?
Clustering of set of matrices
Interpreting $R^2$, F-statistic & p-value of a model
Interpreting significance in hierarchical regression
What test(s) for my data?
Difference in chi square for factor analysis
Estimating individual-level outcome probabilities given from group-level training data
Fitting series to a distribution
How can I measure which function is a better fit to a set of datapoints
Is the skew normal distribution log-concave?
Can non normal data be used for factor analysis and multiple regression? If so what is the procedure to justify it?
Probability of average given mean and variance
Estimating the likelihood of independence of two discrete variables using the co-occurrence count matrix
Caret and randomForest number of trees
Interpretation of coefficients in a GLM
What is the name of the estimator that takes the mean of likelihood?
quantile regression analysis
Comparing MLE parameters using bootstrapped confidence intervals
It it legitimate to apply a one-way ANOVA to data that have been normalised to the untreated controls?
Evaluation of k-means output for >3D
Calculate boundary for MAE given RMSE
Why is Poisson regression different with glmer and gamlss?
Interpreting the results of a binary logistic regression
Differential Entropy
Fitting the inverse Weibull distribution to data in R
Plotting a histogram estimate together with an analytical solution of the mean and covariance parameters
Predict 2 responses from two co-variates
2D Shape Feature extraction
Calculating confidence intervals for prevalence differences
How to generate a non-normal correlated bivariate distribution
How to use a meta-analysis to assess the equivalence of two different procedures?
How to generate a non-integer amount of consecutive Bernoulli successes?
probability of a pair in cards
Difference Between Matlabs classify and ClassificationDiscriminant functions
Minimize the standard deviation of the total values of groups of items (optimization?) in r
How to calculate the SE of the sum of errors in a complex simulation
R lm simultaneous parameter tests
Given a coin with unknown bias, generate variates from a fair coin efficiently
Fitting HLM models with Heavy-Tailed distribution: robust aproach to lmer?
Multivariate exponential smoothing and Kalman filter equivalence
MLE estimation together with volatility estimation
how does rpart handle missing values in predictors?
How to avoid 0 determinant when sample covariance matrix has very small values
Probability of picking a biased coin
Factor analysis for categorical target variable
Comparing term-frequency distributions with unequal sample sizes?
What could be the described method for treating time-outs in algorithm benchmarks
Variations in time series
Estimating parameters for probit multiplied by something
Estimating parameters of a normal distribution from noisy observation of samples
Convergence in mean square - missing step
Choosing the most important variables in GLMs
How can I say this is probability?
Gibbs sampling from full conditionals
How fit a regression model with two time series
How to deal with two time variables in panel data modelling using PLM package in R?
Determine density of min(x,y) and max(x,y) for independently uniform distributed variables
cokriging and generalised linear spatial models
nearest neighbors degrees of freedom
Sequential testing of multiple probabilities (binomial variables)
Formulation of a nearly linear model
A measure of overall variance from multivariate Gaussian
randomness and computers
How to measure change in time series?
How to simulate with given probability?
Bayesian Inference Notation Confusion
MaxEnt prior for positive variable that decreases monotonically to zero at a specified bound
Transition matrix to a compact set of rules
How does one interpret a single margin of error value for a survey consisting of many questions
Choosing the number of components of a linear model via cross-validation
Data normalization and classification
Nested vs random effect
Cumulative counts or counts for Poisson regression
What is the relationship between R-squared and p-value in a regression?
Hypothesis testing to determine cluster outliers
Calculating odds for a cricket match
Multivariate proportional data
How to describe the differences in skewed data with same median but statistically different distribution?
method of p value correction for a set of dependent p values
How to deal with an unavoidable correlation between two independent variables?
Success of a logistic regression model
Zipf's vs Self-similar: are they really the same
Two significant covariates in coxph analysis: exploring whether the two covariates interact significantly
Perform linear regression, but force solution to go through some particular data points
logistic regression sensitivity and other terms
Building separate logistic regression models for each categorical variable
Regression model with heteroskedasticity in both variables
Regression to the mean puzzle
Is there a more elegent solution for exponentially weighted-mean in R?
statistical error on difference f(x) - x
Is it OK to mix categorical and continuous data for SVM (Support Vector Machines)?
How is the distance formula related to the formula for standard deviation
Approximate distribution of normal squared
How to extract factor scores for each observation in IRT?
What's the difference between Maximizing Conditional (Log) Likelihood or Joint (Log) Likelihood while estimating parameters of a model?
From joint to marginal likelihood
Possible causes for the state noise variance to become negative in a Kalman Filter?
Comparing contingency table distribution
Do we normalize too much?
probability of one random variable being greater than another
significant difference between coefficients
When do you stratify an analysis versus including an interaction term?
How to model number of days in the last week smoking cigarettes (0 to 7 - 'U' shaped)?
How to use k nearest neighbours for binary classification with unbalanced classes?
Definition of a sample: can it include the same object twice?
What Machine Learning Algorithm would be appropriate for this scenario
Modeling threshold effects
Using EM algorithm for record linking
Smoothing objective function
Why is it that a lower R-Squared on a difference regression model could be better than higher R-squared on a levels regression model
Should one remove highly correlated variables before doing PCA?
Reference for $\text{Var}(X)\le (b-a)^2/4$
Literature to support effect size over significance
random effect or time series model?
combining binomial and normal values into one significance test
question on presenting multiclass classification results
Assessment of a single predictive model
Question on Precision and Recall
Sample Size Determination for Rare Event
How would you calculate average time to make a breath?
how to calculate partial dependence when I have 4 predictors?
Computing Cronbach's Alpha and Intraclass Correlation coefficient from an lmer model
sketch distribution
t-test vs. comparing regression coefficients
Remove variance from temporal observations (input to HMM emission) by manipulating the individual observations
Type of Distribution
How to generate a Bernoulli variate with bias $a/\mathbb{E}[X]$ given a sampler of $X$ and uniform variates?
Mixing User Data For Cross-Validation
Intercept calculation in Theil-Sen estimator
Sensitivity analysis for modeled time series
How to determine post-treatment weight with uneven time points?
Pinsker's Inequality for Bayesian hypothesis testing
Data set of means
How to interpret overlapping interaction plots?
Which measure could tell me about what is the best predictor in survival analysis?
How do I test for a symmetric distribution?
Validation: Data splitting into training vs. test datasets
False discovery rate calculation in target-decoy matching context
R: Calculating mean and standard error of mean for factors with lm() vs. direct calculation -edited
Statistical significance of increase in correlation
In Stata, why do the stcox CI differ when using margins?
Survival analysis - Using parameter estimates of a fully-parameterized PH model into an AFT model
Scoring items which are not easily compared
Heterogeneous Treatment Effects - How to test differences in the ATE?
Categorical logit Predictor with too many different levels
Why is Bayesian error concave down as a function of prior P(w1)?
Ordered combinations
Bayes specify informative and uninformative prior
How to factor analyze two binary variables only
Kmeans on “symmetric” data
How can I devise a scoring system for a competition that is more fair than straight percentages?
Relationship between mutual information and the sign of the relationship
How to calculate t-values from percent ranks?
model selection with glmnet
How to convert a dendrogram back into a distance matrix?
testing independent of data assumption, before doing Poisson Regression
How to calculate the HHG (Heller Heller Gorfine) distance in R
What is the intuition of invertible process in time series?
Are these participants repeatedly measured?
Wilcoxon matched pairs test for my dataset?
Finding the UMVUE of the variance of a gaussian with mean zero
How to test that a particular parameter in a nonlinear model does not vary across subpopulations?
Linear regression with time-varying parameters
How do I optimize this scenario to achieve the lowest score?
Image similarity database
Forecasting an MA(1) process
How close to zero should the sum of the random effects be in GLMM (with lme4)
F statistic, F-critical value, and P-value
Downsampling excessively sampled curves
How to detect outliers in skewed data set?
TelephoneSurvey, when to call?
Best factor extraction methods, with reference to SPSS
Statistics for machine learning, papers to start?
Simple text classifier: classification taking forever?
Is ANOVA being misused for these binary data?
Analysing a grouped 0 to 10 scale using ordinal logistic regression
Finding mean and standard deviation
Sandwich estimator intuition
Calculating the n value
Choosing a multiclass strategy
Predicting count data with random forest
Bandits without exploitation: finding the best items with incomplete information
Fitting models to empirical data: do fits for random samples converge on the true fit?
Plotting selected explanatory variables in multiple linear regression with interaction terms
Two sample tests for time-series segments
What do you call a measurement that's halfway between ordinal and interval?
Features for time series classification
Variance explained for averaged values
How to use an initial posterior for recursive / sequential updating in WinBUGS
I have two sets of data (regular time intervals) is there any way to find out when they correlated the most and when they don't?
Covariance of binary and continuous variable
Calculation of confidence interval of a population parameter
Calculate F-statistic / p-value for subset of co-efficients in R
From standard HMM to Bayesian HMM
Can I convert a covariance matrix into uncertainties for variables?
Multi-Level Framework for an Evalution Design
Lognormal Distribution as Maximum Entropy Probability Distribution
I have GBs of Event-Based Data. How do I figure out causation?
Mathematical technique to find activity windows in a moving average plot
Conditional probability questions (homework)
Estimating the covariance posterior distribution of a multivariate gaussian
Parameter learning of Markov random field
What is the relationship between R² and Log Likelihood?
Internal reliability for ordinal scale using Spearman correlation matrix
ROC50 score - how is it calculated?
Reasons for transforming multiple class classification problem into a set of binary sub-problems?
Usage of PCA - how to scale observations?
Can you justify this very common (but seldom discussed) treatment of $p$-values?
weak exogeneity in VAR analysis
Is there any reason to prefer a bayesian model with few variables?
Finding starting values for nls for critical exponential function
What is the best probabilistic graphical model toolkit for MATLAB?
Converting spectral data to RGB and normalizing appropriately
Does the independence assumption interact with the generalizability of results in hierarchical designs?
Reverse factor loading negatives into positives?
Looking for name of statistical property (variance explained by regressor in addition to all other regressors)
Likelihood estimation using iid normal samples
Will a quadratic and cubic latent growth curve model always have better fit than a linear model?
Estimated error variance $\sigma^2$ for MCMC estimation in a high-dimensional space
Mean of log of cdf
How to compare the effect of age on brain volume across different brain regions when the regions are of different sizes?
Test to compare means normalized to different controls
What is Sigma in Gibbons Ross Shanken (GRS) test?
Histogram of uncertain data
What is meant by the level of a time series?
Sum of truncated normal distribution
Two questions about Bonferroni adjustment
Determining number of statistical significant differences per wavelength
Which statistical test to use when sample size differ?
Classification based on several marginal probabilities
Calculating Hellinger Divergence from Results of Kernel Density Estimates in Matlab
Does PCA followed by LDA make sense?
Numerical Instability of calculating inverse covariance matrix
What is coskewness and how can it be calculated?
Why use the Mahalanobis distance
fractions or wholes for the slope in a latent growth model?
Exploratory analysis: regression model with mutually correlated predictors to explain a dichotomous outcome?
Fitting a surface to 3D data
Independence assumption in maximum entropy models in NLP
Multiple t-tests against a single control condition. Is this correct?
What are the state of the art methods for person segmentation and person pose identification
Is winning a soccer match independent of previous wins\losses?
Semi-discrete probability distribution
Changing sign estimate manually
Accelerated Failure Time scale parameter excessively large when data is right censored
How many measurements (10 million molecules each time) are needed to analyze 15 million unique molecues in a 20 million pool?
Building the dataset for Random Forest training procedure
Are there terms to distinguish between the two types of outliers?
How to compare Arellano-Bond models?
What types of statistical analysis should be done for testing ISP connections?
When using lmer is a random intercept being estimated more than once if specified in seperate grouping factors?
Full information maximum likelihood for missing data in R
LASSO vs forward selection
Must I normalize inputs into a perceptron that uses a sigmoid activation function?
Multiplying a matrix by a scalar which has a prior distribution in OpenBUGS
Standard error for a statistic obtained via simulation
Multiple random effects in a generalized linear mixed model
Is this outlier merely unusual or does it signify manipulation?
Performing a Wald's group sequential test in R (for complex hypothesis)
Which are differences between the hypergeometric distribution and chi-square distribution
automating procedures in a complex data set
Nesting and grouping formula confusions using lme
Regression with or without controlled variables?
Rank items based on different parameters
Precision - Recall: Graphical Representation
How to check if my regression model is good
How to analyse three way ANOVA that also has pre-post and one within subjects factor?
Discretizing Exponential distribution
Does the normal probability plot systematically underestimate the mean?
Test for bimodal distribution
Chi square for logical vectors: 2 row contingency table or 1 row vector?
How can I convert a q-value distribution to a p-value distribution?
Can someone point me to a good example of using bayesian models for making marketing decisions?
Comparing groups at different time points within repeated measures study using SPSS
Method of Additional Events for the two-state Markov Process
p-values for all lags in a cross-correlation calculation
Good distribution for modelling age in a population
Chi Square Testing - binary outcome analysis
Metropolis sampling of constraint surface
Identify if there is a relationship between two data sets
Boosted Regression Trees in R
Probability of heads in a biased coin
How to find Coefficient of Variation with E(X), E(X^2) and sample size?
Solution for long-term electricity prices forecasting
How to simulate random variables according to the law of a pregiven data sample
Comparison of two simulated curves for given experimental data
Type of time series to use
Choosing post-hoc test after Kruskal-Wallis
Bernoulli variable on pymc
What is the advantage of imputation over building multiple models in regression?
What is meant by a stochastic constant?
Unable to provide random parameter with mlogit
Distribution of training data for binary classification
Parametric and non-parametric tests?
How would you report (in publication) the results of a linear model fit using the poly function in R?
study on multiple outcomes- do I adjust or not adjust p-values?
How to interpret a logistic regression model with all negative coefficient?
standard error of known population values
Distributions of $X+Y$,$X-Y$,$XY$ for $(X,Y)$ Chosen Uniformly Inside Triangle
Obtaining marginal distributions from the bivariate normal
Name for a function mapping time slices to probabilities
Machine Learning Algorithms vs. Linear Regression
Can I adapt a MCMC proposal using a parallel chain?
Connection between Fisher metric and the relative entropy
What would be an illustrative picture for linear mixed models?
Data whitening for improving regression
Constrained least squares estimation
How should I mentally deal with Borel's paradox?
Pocket algorithm for training perceptrons
How can I test the likelihood that two Poisson data sets are drawn from the same distribution in R?
Test for whether a change is different in direction for subgroups?
Some examples of errors in ESL?
Correlation coefficient of two variables with unequal number of data using Excel
Question about classification with hidden Markov models using depmixS4
Size of a test and level of significance
Why doesn't increasing N guarantee the sample mean will get closer to the population mean?
Orthogonal intersection of linear family and exponential family
Problem with parallel analysis with psych
Estimating how precise a linear regression is
Population Variance and Sample Variance
How can I find the standard deviation in categorical distribution
Probability of observing a measurement with error under a non-normal distribution
A statistic to describe a correlation with progression
WinBUGs-TIme Series Code
What was Student's (Gosset's) contribution in formulating the t-test?
Likelihood ratio test: $f(x)=2x$ vs $f(x)=3x^2$: $2n$ degrees of freedom?
What is the difference between a neural network and a deep belief network?
What is the explanation for a regressor losing statistical significance when a high leverage point is dropped?
What is the difference in what AIC and c-statistic (AUC) actually measure for model fit?
R packages for ONLINE seasonality analysis
Measuring k-means clustering quality on training and test sets
Comparison of k-means clustering output
Non-reverting tendency?
SVM classification step on embedded system with RBF kernel
Bayesian parameter estimation of a Poisson process with change/no-change observations at irregular intervals
Expected effect of each single-nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) in a genome-wide association study (GWAS)
Comparison of ranked lists
How to calculate precision and recall for multiclass classification using confusion matrix?
monotonicity of power function
Specification of error terms in aov() in R
Confidence Interval ON a P-value
Reasons for autocorrelation in time-series residuals
Probability of exceedance and reliability of a sample range estimation
Book for non parametric statistics
Unbiased estimator from two SRS less duplicates
One-against-all probability values into a multiple class probability value?
Correlation heatmaps with batch effects
How to use Box-Muller transform to generate n-dimensional normal random variables
Does independence imply conditional independence?
Is there a theoretical basis for the shrinkage used in Boosted Regression Trees?
Plotting log likelihood function of Pareto distribution inR
Can just about any model be estimated using maximum likelihood?
Ways to Estimate Date of Conception
GLM experimental design issues for count data in landscape experiment
Weighted covariance matrix using kernels
How to perform an exponential regression with multiple variables in R
Generating rules to obtain a given categorical distribution... is it possible?
Estimate just the constant coefficient in logistic regression
Causality, omitted variable bias
Bootstrap USL/LSL for non-normal data
Statistical Model from distributions
Standard Error used in Hypothesis Testing and Confidence Interval construction
Unevenly sampled data and the Lomb-Scargle method
Graphical representation of cross-validation errors for regression
In a Monte Carlo approximation of a product of expectations, can the same samples be used for both expectations?
colinearity between variables
Probability proofs using ordered samples
How should outliers be dealt with in latent growth curve/GMM modeling?
How to find the posterior distribution of $\theta$ given $Y_{ij}$ where $Y_{ij} \sim \text{Po}(X_i)$
Distribution of variable
Mixed model repeated measures, nested
Is the square root of a positive semi-definite matrix a unique result?
Statistically fuzzy version of a checksum for file text signature
How to measure the average autocorrelation of a time-series signal with itself
Statistical inference about degree of a node in a genetic network
What happens to the constant in Least Squares
K-fold vs. Monte Carlo cross-validation
Issues when using interaction term with a lagged variable in R
Assigning class labels to k-means clusters
Bayesian variable selection -- does it really work?
Can I convert a statistical significance into a zscore using a normal distribution?
What is the best way to strip weekly and seasonal noise from a time series data set?
On combining SVMs
Use cross validation to calculate a ridge regression parameter
Weighted Variance, one more time
Confidence intervals using standard deviation - mistake or misunderstanding?
What type of statistics to use to show correlation between two discrete sets of data?
Why does this criterion characterize the median of a continuous random variable?
Why does the correlation coefficient between X and X-Y random variables tend to be 0.7
Is there a reliable algorithm to identify a low-dimensional log-linear model that fit high-dimensional data (if one exists)?
Is conditional logit a specific form of GLM? And what are its specificities?
Finding appropriate distribution that fit to for a frequency distribution of a variable
matrix is not positive definite - even when highly correlated variables are removed
Series dimensionality reduction for classification Input
Non-Parametric Regression with Ordinal Independent Variables
granger causality - using a different lag than the one selected by ACF/PACF
Inconsistency in cross-validation results
How large a training set is needed?
is the z-test for difference of proportions valid for massive samples with tiny proportions?
How to get the probability of clicking an ad after the $n$th impression?
How to handle new observations on HMM decoding?
How to get SGD to reach global optimal point in logistic regression?
Test the combined hypothesis X is correlated with Y and is uncorrelated with Z
Adding up events in time series forecasting
List of graph layout algorithms
Error term in repeated measures ANOVA in R
What model should I use in this situation?
Log transformation in CART analysis
How do I know if the differences in ICs among candidate models are significant?
Moments of the Kolmogorov distribution
Calculating Tukey HSD following a repeated measures ANOVA
quantifying interaction between variables in an equation
Rounding when making a histogram
Confusion related to log transformation
Choosing clusters for k-means: the 1 cluster case
How can I estimate a score for my users, on if they will match ad campaign criteria?
Regression in SEM programs vs regression in statistical packages such as SPSS
Converting R's Random Forest model to Mahout
Is it valid to use a difference score as an independent variable in a regression analysis
RandomForest factor with too many levels
Neural networks for simplistic image classification
clustered-stratified random sampling
Find minimal set of variables for regression (PCA?)
4 point and 5 point Likert scales in a new questionnaire
Interpreting SPSS mixed linear model output
Classification of biological samples with binary variables
A buggy but effective feature?
How can I estimate a confidence in a score / rating
Binning answers from a Likert-scale question
Ordinal trends and finding concordant and discordant pairs
The sum of two independent gamma random variables
How can I test the same categorical variable across two populations?
How to find the distribution of the result of a compound experiment
Probability model for repeated survey data
Can I run a GLMM model when I have one observation for most subjects?
Combining two covariance matrices
What statistical tools would you use for identifiying important factors/variables in an experiment?
Multiple curves when plotting a random forest
Constant hazard in survival analysis and random event occurence
Bayes' rule for conference talk attendance
Does low significance prove my hypothesis wrong?
On FDA guidance about Bayesian practice
Expressing a time series in more detailed time interval using mathematical approximations
p-values for p-values?
Pre-Post analysis with repeated measure
Strongest predictor of outcome
Using Adaboost for feature selection?
Log-normal distribution and neural connections
Pearson correlation for 'lumped' populations?
Statistical significance of results in conversion data on group of Adwords keywords
What method can be used to correlate variables
Moment generating function of the inner product of two gaussian random vectors
Monte Carlo: generating autocorrelated data from empirical distribution
Reading Kmeans data and chart from R
Assessing approximate distribution of data based on a histogram
pivotal statistic versus distribution free statistic
How to analyse several types of geo data together?
Interpreting this regression coefficient
Detecting a trend in 4 samples
Random Forest or other machine learning techniques with paired samples
How is finding the centroid different from finding the mean?
contrapositive of probability
Confusion related to convex optimization of a function in a svm paper
Orthogonal intersection in a Riemannian manifold
Reporting interaction effect for a 2x3 ANOVA
To find significant differences between means using repeated measures GLM
Showing that a certain random variable has variance $1$
Expectation of Sums of Squares
Using STAN (related to BUGS/JAGS) to do linear regression with with ARMA(1,1) noise?
Is a rank statistic always distribution free?
Sample size calculation for multivariate problems
what should be the parametric form of the l2 regularization in a Bayesian setting?
Does adjustement completely remove the effect of the confounding variables?
How to find a suitable association of color with data value in a visualization?
Why is a pivot quantity not necessarily a statistic?
Consistency of the marginals
Interpreting weird box plot with reversed whiskers
Relations between distribution free statistics and nonparametric statistics?
calculating recall and precision confusion
How do I mathematically prove that k-means clustering converges to minimum squared error?
Metropolis Sampling and invalid states
Using factors scores in a multiple regression
Propagation of errors using simulation
Discrepancy between calculated and simulated error propagation
Fast approximation to inverse Beta CDF
Significance testing for different groups in multiple regression with dummy-coded interaction variables
Anova from R output interpretation
Student's t vs Mann-Whitney U
Can one compute confidence intervals for a census with high nonresponse rates?
Rationale for the use of Regressogram (Bin-Smooth)
Confusion related to inverse problems in statistics
How does the confidence interval for the parameter p of a bernoulli trial vary with the value of p itself?
Validation of a scale for a different population (CFA)
Analysis of complex sample
What differentiates a population risk model versus Individual risk model?
Seasonal Time Series
If using interval data (independent variables) and grades (outcome or dependent variable), what type of analysis would one use?
How do I find correlation measure between two nominal variables?
How to measure correlation between variance and rank?
Spearman rank recommended n size
Coefficient output in R for full model
Calculating the BIC for multidimensional, clustered data
Ridge regression coefficients
What statistical methods are archaic and should be omitted from textbooks?
Conditional analysis vs conditional logistic regression
Detecting/analyzing non-random permutations of a random sequence
What does it mean for two variables to be uncorrelated? How is it possible for two variables to be strongly related but still uncorrelated
Nearest Neighbor Algorithm for Circular dimensions
I need a calculator that uses a contigency table of 11x6
Generation of a random vector on an affine hyperplane
Kolmogorov-Smirnov Test
Using the appropriate machine learning algorithm
Q-Q plot interpretation
Curvature terms and model selection
Using priors to detect an effect? logistic Bayesian regression
Hypothesis Testing on Exponential distributions
Difference between the two normal distributions
What statistical methods to use for analysis of a scenario questionnaire?
Using Q-Q Plot for determining distribution of two data sets
positive skewness in simulation results
Sufficient statistics, MLE and unbiased estimators of uniform type distribution
Are there models for censored spatial point processes?
Chi-squared test for histogram data after doing an averaged shifted histogram
Is there any research on control of hidden stochastic processes?
Restricted least squares: condition is that the parameter vector is greater or equal zero
Can I trust the result of a one-way ANOVA with many treatments each with very few replicates
What is a meaningful signifcance level when considering a pre-test and post-test model to assess learning in a college course?
Can I use 3-way ANOVA for testing the difference between small proportions?
Multiplication log normal and logarithmic function
Pitfalls in doing GLMM or interpreting GLMM results
Shapiro test and transformation
For count data from a survey, do variance corrections for survey design imply that the Poisson distribution will not accurately model the counts?
ARMA MLE - matrix setup
Analysing transformed data
Interactions terms and higher order polynomials
Lewandowski algorithm demand forecasting
How to estimate Cohen's D using the independent groups definition but on a paired samples data?
Two general questions about log-normal distributions: shift and mixture
Coda output, joint quantile
Choosing the number of breakpoints for segmented regression (in R)
G*Power-Repeated measures MANOVA number of measurements input field
Overlapping sets (3) - significance test
Minimal number of phone connections to ensure a sufficient number of direct lines
In a random selection of addresses, determine if users are unable to access one of the addresses
How bad is considering a random effect as a fixed effect?
Non-independence of IVs in a random forest model
Calculate a monthly uncertainty from an annual uncertainty
Cox Proportional Hazards - Dealing with unknown values for factors for some individuals in a population
What test of independence of sample proportions is appropriate when n is very large and p is very small?
Consistency of sample quantile
Skew in both directions and dealing with outliers
Battery of random forest models for each class
Using LASSO on random forest
Rescale factor scores from factor analysis to latent metric in R
When sample size is small and distribution is not normal should I use Wilcoxon or T-test or something else?
Adjusting Uniform Probability Distribution
Presentation of summary log-transformed data aiming at easier interpretation
Decision tree : handle attribute with many nominal values
Statistical significance in an underpowered study, false positive?
Why are the number of false positives independent of sample size, if we use p-values to compare two independent datasets?
How to store (and analyse) multi-answer multi-choice questionnaire data
Does adding more variables into a multivariable regression change coefficients of existing variables?
MAE/MSE with or without square root
(When) Does simulating a larger sample from a small sample yield better results?
Latent variable model and graphical models
Strategy for fitting highly non-linear function
Why Copula need i.i.d assumption for marginal distribution?
Orthogonality of Hermite Polynomials
What does having constant variance in a linear regression model mean?
Normality assumption and sample size
Multinomial logistic regression vs binary logistic regression
Mean of a function of $K$ Gaussian random variables
Statistical test on percentage data with replicates
How to determine if the data points are linearly separable from an SVM hyperplane
How to generate the most common clickstream sequence
MATLAB - Maximum likelihood for periodic function (angles)
How to model a network analysis problem
Strange results from Chow test - surprisingly significant p-value
How to make results using Hellinger distance comparable with Euclidean distance outputs?
How to do regression with effect coding instead of dummy coding in R?
When do missing data indicate a data collection bug?
How to compare two survival percentages for two different populations?
A special case of GMM estimation in R
Smoothing with fda package when time grids differ
Finding the integral of a fitted function
Is it possible to calculate mutual information by moments generating functions?
Reject null hypothesis or not?
R-squared in linear model verses deviance in generalized linear model?
Simulating data for a multiple linear regression
Detecting non-linear relationships between distributions?
Has Granger causality been used successfully in a industrial liability case?
How to generate the time series from a given model?
What to do with collinear variables
Automatic outlier detection in R
How to interpret false positive from QQ-plot in genome-wide association studies?
Skewness in robust regression
Efficent global minimum search of costly to evaluate low dimensional error function
Binomial GLM and different sample sizes
How to get the expected counts when computing a chi-squared test?
QQ plot does not match histogram
Derivation of the posterior over topics in LDA
Pros and cons of clustering algorithms?
Where should N/A be placed and how should it be coded on a 7-point Likert scale?
What's the difference between a component and a factor in parallel analysis?
Understanding a split plot
Assigning a sample set to one of several populations based on composition
How to interpret cumulative periodogram?
How does cross validation work in R's gbm package?
Empirical distribution alternative
Learning about a population mean
Population mean and hypothesis testing
How to specify a contrast matrix (in R) for the difference between one level and an average of the others?
Interpreting p-values
R linear regression test hypothesis for zero slope
Random forests vs boosting
Logistic regression as classifier and overfitting
Relations and differences between time-series analysis and statistical signal processing?
Why do correlations matter in simulating data to compare classifiers when p >> N?
ANOVA:How to detect non-normality with a QQPlot in the presence of non-homogeneous variance
Choosing a predictive model after k-fold cross-validation
How do I fit a constrained regression in R?
How to interpret a log transformed (X+1)?
Unbiased estimator of weighted sum of two poisson variables
Matrix factorization and gradient descent for recommender systems; user bias?
R - QQPlot: how to see whether data are normally distributed
Comparison of 2 distributions
Doubts about the standardization process that I should perform with a set of variables
Coin flipping, decision processes and value of information
Asymmetric distribution and PCA
PCA on returns or levels?
Finding moments for a theoretical density function
Unbalanced Haar Wavelets and R package unbalhaar
Compute the variance of parameter estimates given limited number of samples
Formula to generate Critical t-values for t-test (instead of using a look-up array)
What does intercept actually mean in a simple linear model?
Sampling from the normal-gamma distribution in R
How to pick a good threshold for multimodal histograms
Relative efficiency of matching versus adjustment to handle confounding effects in highly disproportionate populations
Poisson regression - dealing with widely different population sizes
using a number of variables (dummy) in mixed model analysis in R
Explanation of a step in derivation of residuals for R lm diagnostic?
Standard deviation of weighted sums of random distributions with weights random but fixed
Multivariate Weighted Linear Regression
Simulating ordinal variables using fitted probit models
ANOVA using day numbers
Training Hidden Markov Models for multiple input observations
Which test(s) for analyzing yes-no answers for control vs treated conditions
How does one define own intercept in regression model in R?
Is a larger beta weight a better predictor than a high t-statistic?
QQ plot is consistent with normality when subgroups are non-normal
Maximum likelihood equivalent to maximum a posterior estimation
Comparison between MDL and BIC
Should a mixed effects model be used?
Do I apply delta method correctly?
Estimated normal density is fat-tailed?
IRT in R: Does anyone know of an IRT item calibration function that can cope with NA's?
How to perform step() when n < p in R?
probability distribution of output value with regression tree methods
Is it possible to calculate variable confidence intervals, conditional on $\hat{Y}$ to address heteroscedasticity?
How to test which of five proportions based on Likert scales is highest?
ROC curve and confusion matrix in classifier performance evaluation
Density function of the max of smallest and largest observation
Book recommendation for regression techniques
Model performance in quantile modelling
The ratio of the dependent normal rv and chi rv is?
Inclusion of lagged dependent variable in regression
ARIMA double seasonality with dummy in R error xreg
Multilevel bayesian with AR1 correlation structure
Help in validating my experiment design
Markov chain from Poisson: null or positive recurrent?
Survey questionnaire to find out the important factors?
Providing the actual measured error instead of weights to the lm function in R (or similar linear fit function)
Was Hitler a black swan event?
Ordering in VAR models
Variable importance randomForest negative values
Calibration of probabilities in online learning (real-time learning) with Vowpal Wabbit
How to estimate the given function using Rao Blackwellization approach?
Simulation of remission and after remission times under specific conditions
Relationship between sample mean and sample survival probability
Post-hoc analysis when variable effect is non-significant
How to compute y caret
Excluding false values with association rule mining in Weka
What is the difference between standardized and unstandardized estimates in SEM (thinking of AMOS in particular)?
categorical independent variable with three levels and binary logistic regression
The multiple regression model - The minimum sum of squares
What are the assumptions for checking the stationarity of a time series?
Box's test for equal covariances or Mauchly's test of sphericity?
Summary of residuals in R
Zero to one proportion data, with quadratic term?
Why is adjusted R-squared less than R-squared if adjusted R-squared predicts the model better?
Standardized residuals in R's lm output
Distribution family of the mean of iid random variables
Testing for variable independence with count data and assumption violations
Unable to fit negative binomial regression in R (attempting to replicate published results)
How to find MLE when samples depend on the estimated parameter
Find the normal probability $P(|X|<1)$ using z values?
Partitioning sum of squares
Using linear discriminant analysis to validate the cluster groups resulting from kmeans
How can I predict the odds that a dodgeball team is going to win based on the winning history of its players?
Asymmetric S-shaped function mapping interval $[0, 1]$ to interval $[0, 1]$
Validate a medical test
Q: About the a prior over the parameters why always Gaussian distribution?
How to analyse seasonal variation in stroke onset?
How can we get the confidence (or probability) that a data-point belongs to an unknown class?
What tasks should I do when performing a model validation?
Why must an estimator be independent from the parameter?
What happens when I include a squared variable in my regression?
Likert scale coding
How to fit distribution having expected value and 0.95 quantile?
Is Rule of Three inappropriate in some cases?
Automated Normality Test on large samples
Relative density plots in R
Type I ANOVA tests not depending on the order of the factors
Pattern of events that leads to a goal
Fitting t distribtution to financial data
Football League coincidence
How to organise data and run nerlovian model
Backfilling ARIMA data with exogenous variable
Visually plotting multi dimensional cluster data
Predicting football match winner based only on the outcome of previous matches between the two teams
Conditional Expectation has the minimum mean prediction error
Statistical grounding for difference between median as a proportion of overall visible spread
Is there such a thing as conditional mutual information?
Sampling to maximize model accuracy
Swapping X and Y in a regression that contains a grouping predictor?
Variance of product of multiple random variables
Confused about comparison of Pearson coefficients
Why are the Borel subsets on $\mathbb R$ a $\sigma$-algebra?
Why does the event $\{X \leqslant t\}$ is equal to the sample space when $t \geqslant c$ and $X=c$?
What is ridge regression?
curse of dimensionality & nonparametric techniques
Multiple Regression
How do I interpret a significant interaction effect that has a low effect size?
Question on the usage of regularization in applied statistics/science
A Poisson EM clustering algorithm in R?
Which are the correct sum of squares for repeated measures ? (balanced example)
What exactly the ROC curve can tell us or can be inferred?
Methods of moments for t distribution
Is it valid to compare AICc among models with different numbers of independent vbls?
semivariogram and kriging by hand
Cluster analysis on weighted survey data with continuous and categorical variables
understanding of libsvm output
Covariance of linear regression coefficients in weighted least squares method
Binomial probability function
ARIMA forecasting
How do I calculate the range that 90% of the values fall into
Finding patterns in data
Sparse hyperspace clustering
Inconsistent beta values in regression analysis due to change in categorical coding
True and false discovery rate in variable selection
Strangely imbalanced dataset
Hidden Markov model alternative that allows dependence on previous n states
Why is the CI for an odds ratio not always centered on the sample value?
A textbook error w.r.t structure and pattern loadings
Is it appropriate to plot the mean in a histogram?
Ordinal data, different scales, comparison between variables
ARMA regression
What can cause PCA to worsen results of a classifier?
Bayesian approach to trend detection in non-parametric data
Imputing a missing variable based on common variables with another data set
How to interpret statistics (Emax, D, U, Q, B, etc.) of bootstrap validation of logistic regression
Uniform Random on $(-\infty,\infty)$
Stats for Trend data
Testing for mutual exclusivity
How to find straight line minimizing the sum of squares of Euclidean distances from the points?
Is a diffuse prior always weak?
What is the name of this equation to combine probabilities?
Extending the Hellinger Distance to multivariate distributions
Negative parameters of beta distribution
What does the logit value actually mean?
Why is a likelihood-ratio test distributed chi-squared?
Determining whether different groups of users click on certain URLs more frequently?
Using a Markov Chain to find the limiting probability?
MANCOVA or several ANCOVAS
What is an acceptable value of the Calinski & Harabasz (CH) criterion?
In my logistic regression model one of the independent variables is redundant with the interaction term. How should I deal with it?
How to randomize the tips of a functional trait dendrogram?
TBATS requires positive data after differencing - forecast package R
Sampling small dataset from large dataset with reference to a given variable
Modeling spatial correlations with multilevel data
Point-biserial correlation with unequal groups in dichotomous variable
Linear model estimation in the presence of heteroscedasticity
VIF values and interactions in multiple regression
Seasonal component for a series that is only one and a half years
Calulating a mean coefficient effect based on quantile regression estimates
LOESS and MA normalization in R?
Cluster on high dimensional categorical data (Images with keywords)
How to analyse Self-Assessment Manikin data
Homework: Bayesian Data Analysis: Priors on both binomial parameters
Creating a CI for the mean from an approximation of x-bar
Matching results completely different in R and Stata
Probability that two random letters from a language will be the same?
Cross-correlation between two time series
Equivalence tests for non-normal data?
p-values of Mann-Whitney U test identical for raw and log-transformed data
Student t as mixture of gaussian
Fisher information
How to find the expected distance between two uniformly distributed points?
Binomial GLM with unknown totals?
Is ETA a good measure for computing the efect size between an ordinal and a nominal variable?
How to deal with an SVM with categorical attributes
Alternative nonparametric test for chi-square test for independence
Can one apply different transformations to the same variable within different analyses?
Test to show when diverging linear regression models are statistically different
Which statistical test to use?
Creating demo data from real data: disguising without disfiguring
How to find out the best approximation of a probability distribution?
Asymptotic distribution of MLE (log-normal)
Why may one use qbeta() to calculate CIs for binomial proportions that are actually based on the F-distribution?
Multiple comparison issue in multivariate logistic regression
Study that uses efficient sample size
Variable reduction techniques on qualitative factor with several variables
Factor analysis using stata predict command and get negative value for non-negative variable?
Is a sample covariance matrix always symmetric and positive definite?
Adding decays to time series in R
Local sensitivity around the maximum
Probability distribution to simulate number of users
How to choose kernel functions for support vector regression
t distribution method of moments
Time line analysis
Grouping observations based on variables that sum to one
Problem with $\chi^2$ test
PCA weights vs. standardized
Nelson-Aalen estimator and interval censoring/tied events
Calculating conditional probability
Law of total expectation and how prove that two variables are independent
Pre-whitening of AR(2) time series
Computing event rates given RR + CI and total sample size in each treatment group
How to implement multiple GP submodels in PYMC
Independence assumptions in the classical regression model and higher moments
How I can deal with too many variables in training a data set?
Analogous measure of AIC which uses the posterior distribution for model selection?
Issues with feature selection in matlab
Monette & Fox's conditional hypotheses
Simulate ARIMA by hand
Mann Whitney or two tailed t-test
Calculate the probability that the difference between two populations is >= d
How to compare similarity between two discrete distributions
Euclidean distance score and similarity
Correlation between averages across discrete intervals of fixed length
Acceptance Rate of Statistical Journals
How to visualize Bayesian goodness of fit for logistic regression
Standard deviation of revenue where numbers are only positive
Mutual Information based feature selection
When to normalize learning?
SVM confusion matrix whose dimensions are more than two
minimax and transformations
Estimate how coefficient of variation changes as a function of $x$ without replication
What is behind JAGS (Just Another Gibbs Sampler)?
The mgf and cf of Student's t distribution
Meaning of completeness of a statistic?
Distance metric for survival functions?
How to predict match outcome in team game based on participating players
Removal of multi-dimensional outliers?
Probablity of getting sequence of K equal results while tossing coin N times
Last-digit test and probability
What to do for missing data in time series
Non-Analytic extrapolation
Cumulative function to probability density function
How to determine trend strength from linear regression slope?
Using R for dice probabilities
What do the coefficients in R's HoltWinters function represent?
Prediction with intervals as the independent variable
I am stuck with proof of MLE for Logistic regression
Which is the null hypothesis for testing whether I've broken my simulation?
One sided confidence interval for hypothesis testing
Latent Dirichlet Allocation
Multiple hypothesis tests, comparing the expected values
interval or ratio?
Is $\bar{h}$ a typo of $h$ in Functional Equivariance and Formal Invariance in Lehmann's TPE?
Pooling asymmetric confidence intervals for proportions?
Which value is the p-value?
exponential density & bernoulli distribution
Bootstrapping in ANCOVA AND MANOVA in R
Analyzing changes in a repeated categorical measure
Test for bivariate outliers
Inverse Incidence Rate Ratio
What type of statistic should I use to compare ratios in my experiment?
Practical questions on tuning Random Forests
Select outliers with standard deviation after a nonlinear regression
One independent variable with two conditions, three covariates and four dependent variables; what statistical tests to run?
Hypothesis testing using different methods
Sampling from conditional distribution in general case
Two sequences, one HMM
Where can i find a good book that teaches MCMC in R?
All my observations are identical. Use a non-parametric test?
Predicting team performance
Models for learning acquistion process
Implementing Kalman filter in R
Weibull regression with known intercept in R
the combination of two independent continuous time Markov chains
Binary outcome with categorical predictors - experiment control
ANOVA on ranks vs. Mann-Whitney U test
Do the results show an omitted variable bias? How sizeable is the bias?
Using conjoint analysis for price elasticity
Analytical approximation of probability of one beta-distributed var being greater than another?
Why is the decision boundary for K-means clustering linear?
How do I calculate sample size so I can be confident that the sample mean approximates the population mean?
Comparing models using anova() function in R
Estimation of competitiveness of firm
Finding structural breaks in heteroskedastic time series
How to extract ngrams from ambigous text after lemmatization?
Backward selection in a Cox regression model
Spotting trends in time based data
Confidence intervals for extreme value distributions
Theoretical objections to hypothesis testing
Use Bayesian hierarchical model to predict new data points
Time Series Data with Varying Start and End Dates
When to use a chi-squared test?
Does ROC assessment of a binomial classifier serve as a good performance measure given equal weights between positives and negatives?
Why must one trade off between bias and variance?
Logistic regression model comparison
Counterexample for the sufficient condition required for consistency
Bayesian learning of tree distribution
Meta-analysis and homogeneity -- what did these guys do?
Alternative to LPM and logit regression in Stata
How to treat sentences including and so on when analyzing open-ended responses?
Order statistics of equal correlated continuous random variables
Test whether simple slopes are different from zero in 3-way interaction in multiple regression
Using known correlations to select a sample that maximizes model prediction
Tricky latent parameter problem
Variance of powers of a random variable
What is the name of the theory (if there is one) that states lottery winners are more likely to tell others about their lottery entry?
How do I calculate uplift in a marketing campaign?
Repeated measures ANOVA: Mauchly's test undefined
How does randomization testing for correlating two variables work?
Plotting confidence bands around fitted values from a binomial GLMM
Which statistical test to use for Likert scale questionaire
Proof of distribution $\chi_n ^2$?
Clustering quality: normalized mean square error or absolute error?
quantile threshold of t distribution and normal distribution
Linear mixed effect models: how to construct a suitable null model
What model can I use to describe the following time-series?
Can ANCOVA disagree with multiple regression?
Getting NaN value for X-Squared and N/A for p-value in Chi-Square Test
Easy test to see if two columns of numbers are correlated?
Two (or multiple) t-test replaced with a single pairwise.t.test()?
Why a different F-value for the same factor in a one-way vs. two-way ANOVA?
What's wrong with (some) pseudo-randomization
Two simple or one complex model, BIC and likelihood
How to interpret correlations with negative numbers in SPSS
Comparing models of different types of ANOVA - multiple comparisons?
What does the abbreviation p.e. mean?
Help with understanding stationarity
Why might the mean of a bootstrapped distribution not equal the original summary statistic?
mapping data with a spike to a heat map
Present / visualize aggregated data for years
Assessing quality of clusters
Does stan do predictive posteriors?
How do I analyze a z-score to determine a difference?
Does every log-linear model have a perfectly equivalent logistic regression?
Difficulties with a Bayesian formulation of a model for human timing data
Is it possible to compare two feature selections algorithms by cross-validations?
How do I calculate the number of combinations, where a minimum number of elements must be different?
How to deal with extreme but real data, classify as outliers or no?
Limiting moments and asymptotic moments of a statistic
critical value of a point mass at zero and a chi square distribution with one degree of freedom
Studentized residuals and goodness-of-fit with robust linear regression
number of observation require for defined standard error
Excel, Heatmap & Data Visualization without add-ins
How to determine the asymptotic variance of the following statistic?
ROC curve crossing the diagonal
Sequential Monte Carlo for hierarchical models
Different odds ratios from formula and R's fisher.test
Finding the Bayes estimator of $\theta$ - having trouble with likelihood calculation
What do normal residuals mean and what does this tell me about my data?
Maximizing number of positive targets in first decile in logistic regression
Profile likelihood confidence intervals
Should PCA be performed before I do classification?
If the empirical distribution of a sample is same as the true distribution, how shall the deviation be estimated?
Probability output from support vector machine (svm) with soft margin
How to model a Time Series which has different nonstationary segments by ARIMA?
quantile transformation with t distribution
Interpretation of Residual Covariance
detecting circadian rhythm in a time series
Basic statistics help
self-organizing maps and order of samples
How are categorical variables used when fitting a decision tree in scikit-learn?
Is dependence of one classification on another a violation of the assumption of independence for ANOVA?
NAs introduced by coercion in seqecreate
Is there a multivariate version of logistic regression?
Why is my t-test intuition so far from reality?
Reporting of an interaction in a binary logistic regression
Using z scores in paired t-tests and regression analysis
Fit a smooth approximation line
How should a math-paranoid programmer learn stats?
Formula suggestion for a scoring system, weighted solution
Bayesian complexity tests
How to deal with time series with revisions?
Designing genomic search strategies for non-coding RNAs using BLAST
Is spectral clustering ever similar to k-means?
Is a power of an inverse gamma random variable itself inverse gamma?
Priors for parameters of normal distribution leading to same results as frequentist formula
Poisson distribution conditional on Poisson-distributed mean
Test for martingale
Properties of moment-generating functions
The probability of getting one variation of consecutive outcomes in Bernoulli trials before another
Are log-log models the same as lognormal models?
Difference between Excel's exponential chart trend line and GROWTH/LINEST function?
Formula for non-linear regression in R
Alternative to Pearson's chi-square goodness of fit test, when expected counts < 5
Linear mixed effects model structure feedback
Overdispersion parameter
How is the intercept calculated in a regression model with two independent factor variables?
How can a vector of variables represent a hyperplane?
Power for experimental design
Generate distribution based on descriptive statistics
Repeated Measures ANOVA missing values - run separate models?
Kruskal-Wallis test of groups with unequal sample sizes matlab
Modeling pass rates for departments and courses within a school
Marbles in urn: probability of drawing homogeneous sample
Help needed in computing Inter-rater, intra-rater variability
Correlations among variables from a forced-choice scale
Non-parametric test for 3 matched-pairs?
How do you think about the central estimate when the confidence interval is asymmetric?
Statistical test to investigate multiple data sets whether they are independent
Kolmogorov Smirnov conflicts with visual data
Residual from Functional Demographic model for fertility
PCA eigenvectors with opposite values
Prior for Bayesian Inference on Failure Rate in Poisson Distribution
Skewness of a mixture density
Fat-shattering dimension
What happens to an (AR)MA model when doing out-of-sample forecasting?
Binary classifier testing with minority positive data
Errors in Variables and Deming's multivariate regression: Assumptions
Binary panel logistic regression (xtlogit fixed effects) is not converging in Stata, how to resolve?
How to compute a measure of distance between sites with continuous variables?
Find correlation when SD and mean are given
Should I keep the interaction term?
Categorical variable with very few observations
Relationship between poisson and gamma
How can I make a predict plot varying two variables in R?
What is contingent in a contingency table?
Number of kernel evaluations in SVM training
Skewness of fitted mixture not correct?
Program for Sequential Monte Carlo Algorithm
Covariance matrix for Gaussian Process and Wishart distribution
Medical Insurance Fraud Detection: Text analysis
Regression through the origin
How can one show a Kmeans solution is unique?
Combining standard errors of fit parameters
Confusion related to decorrelation of PCA
Should I use Fisher's exact test for this?
Randomization Tests
How to extract/compute leverage and Cook's distances for linear mixed effects models
Do we need a Bonferonni correction when running numerous univariate regression analyses?
Alternatives to glmnet for feature selection on data with lots of NAs
Applying Recency In Logistic Regression
Limited Information Maximum Likelihood (LIML) estimation in R?
Why does explaining away make intuitive sense?
Path analysis or a full SEM?
Standardized regression coefficient ($\beta$) in multi-linear regression by groups?
Finding minimax estimator $\theta$
Hierarchical variable: checking whether two subgroups have to be distinguished or can be pooled together
Joint test of change in variance across matched groups
What's a good visualization for Poisson regressions?
Practical time series advice
How do I plot loglikelihood functions of the Cauchy distribution in R?
Estimating the mean and variance of a stationary time series
Word entropy / frequency in human speech
Modeling using neuralnet package in R - lots of issues
Analysis of survival data using binomial GLM with offset
How do you decide what your train, validation and test percentages are?
Power Analysis with Existing Data Set
Interpretation of Scree plots and Boruta Outcomes
Grouping samples by clustering or PCA
performing logistic regression with imputed variables
Equivalence tests for STP3 - location of maximum power
Linear regression in matrix notation
Analyzing variables which are bound by [0,1] in R (and in general)
Interpretation of McLeod-Li test for ARCH effect
Proof of normal equation in regression using tensor notation
Renewal Process Hypothesis Test
Forecasting Extreme values
Forecasting the past?
Canonical correlation analysis with rank correlation
xtlogit: panel data transformation's recast to double makes model incomputable (STATA)
Interpreting ANOVA results
Can someone explain this uncertainty estimation technique to me
For what distribution is a trimmed mean the maximum likelihood estimator?
How can I analyse results from repeated measures of mixed design in R
Update rule for beta distribution with fixed K/confidence/sample size
How to check if removing a sample makes a difference in mean and stdev values?
Why are the Lagrange multipliers sparse?
Time-series autocorrelations all positive
How to test the significance of increase in sample interval range(s)?
Discrete time hazard models (cloglog) in R
How to perform multiple regression when one predictor is the sum of two other predictors?
Interpretation of clusplot graph, first two PCA components only explain 50% variance
How do I calculate whether something is an independent risk factor?
Checking for differences in time trends
Plotting and presenting longitudinal data, options?
How to create a male variable in stata
How does PCA improve the accuracy of a predictive model?
Power calculation in R: Multilevel model
Decomposition of a random variable
Applying ARCH LM test on data
coefficients for formula
SVM confidence according to distance from hyperline
Taking average of linear regression results
Muthén's robust weighted least squares factoring method for binary items...in R?
Dynamic Time Warping and normalization
Drop a predefined percentage of outliers
Ordinal survey data or not?
How should I distribute a classifier to customers?
Determining variance of an U.M.V.U.E
Unbiased hypothesis tests
R as an alternative to SAS for large data
Trends in noisy data and the applicability of the 95% confidence interval
Hypothesis testing of normal distribution, known mean unknown variance
Where do the assumptions for linear regression come from?
Cox model vs logistic regression
Sum of Normally Distributed Random Variables
Solved Assumptions of Linear Regression
EM algorithm manually implemented?
Doane's formula for histogram binning
Out of sample bootstrapping and significance
Simulation Analysis of a Cox Survival Model with Change Point.
Can the proof of the central limit theorem be expressed as the limit of a convolution with an operator
K-means & BIC (to validate clusters) in R
Goodness of fit to Poisson Distribution
How to make sure explaining variable actually explains explained variable, and not vice versa?
Detecting clusters in a binary sequence
Formula for calculating sample size for comparison of two proportions
What are the differences of the Student's T-Test, KS-Test and the MWW-Test?
Strange linearity test for ANCOVA
One step ahead forecast with new data collected sequentially
How to interpret results from non-parametric ANCOVA?
Mixture model as a prior distribution
Can GEE handle small unaccounted clusters in data?
Cluster Big Data in R and Is Sampling Relevant?
Searching for a model like ZIP, but to model three data-generating processes, not just two
Performance worse with new observations
How do I set up a single continuous independent variable for a repeated measures linear model?
Is there a specific name for this formula?
The proper scaling for generating uniformly distributed points in the n-d ball of *non-unit* radius?
lag in prediction outputs in one-step ahead neural network autoregressive model
Questions about the sampling distribution of the sample mean
Median survival time for stratified Cox model
Accuracy Measurement in Biased Dataset
Multinomial logit with different sample sizes in three groups
Are bootstrapped parameter standard errors unbiased in time series data?
Why Hoeffding's inequality has a sharper bound than Markov's inequality?
Testing usefulness of predictors in MLR
Finite mixture models with bounded data
Prove F test is equal to T test squared
Good books/papers on credit scoring
How to implement a fractional polynomial transformation in R for logistic regression
How can I calculate leaves and nodes of a C 4.5 decision tree?
Data-driven removal of extreme outliers with Naive Bayes or similar technique
How to choose the right optimization algorithm?
What is the difference between a probability mass function and a discrete distribution?
Why can't I trim the the dependent variable in a regression? Or can I?
Estimation Technique
Volatility model combined with different distributions?
Repeated measures, between-groups non parametric test?
Loop over Tokens in RapidMiner's Text Processing Plugin
Any R software package that can perform GxE and stability analysis?
Extra negative binomial distribution or extra binomial distribution
Highly significant coefficient does not increase R²
Efficient MCMC using the normal approximation of the posterior
Categorical model
T-test on ranks vs Mann WHitney U-test equivalence
Understanding the p-value in Spearman's rank correlation
Equivalence test for two multivariate normal distributions?
How to compare changes in group means over time
How to perform randomization test for categorical data and/or chi-square?
Best process for randomly drawing an odd and an even number
How to set SMOTE parameters in R package DMwR?
generate an exact pivotal quantity for theta
Statistical analysis of sequential questions in SPSS
binomial test for testing significance of classification very sensitive to hits count
Multiple linear regression degrees of freedom
Is the Mundlak fixed effects procedure applicable for logistic regression with dummies?
How would you write the model?
Filtering outliers from geo-spatial-temporal log
Poker shared cards change odds
How to calculate the percentage of a sample that is delayed
How to analyse three categorical variables
geographic distance and mahalanobis distance
Single Multi-label classifier or multiple single-label classifiers?
Computing probability one program is faster than another
Approach to cluster facebook users
Binary Classifier with training data for one label only
Mixed model in simple english
Correlation between series (computing optimization)
Derivative of the modified Bessel function of third kind with respect to its order in R
Need help finding UMVUE for a Poisson Distribution
Evaluation of LMT (Logistic Model Tree) classifier results
PCs scores from Correlation and Covariance matrices through matrix computations and prcomp
Regression with percentage points
How to interpret a differenced series with non zero mean?
In R, find function F(x) to transform values in a vector to a normal distribution?
Support Vector machine : a simple question
Checking for outliers in a glmer (lme4 package) with 3 random factors
What optimization problem does least angle regression try to solve?
Looking for a test for shape comparison
What is the dimension (k) of these regression models?
Discrete Fourier Transform and uneven sampling
Why is it futile to use the deviance as a goodness-of-fit measure for Bernoulli data?
Estimation with transformations of variables after multiple imputation
One step ahead forecast with new data collected sequentially using dshw from forecast package
Best distribution for rare data
Can an estimator of the mean of a distribution with no variance have a variance?
Choosing a Sample Size for a SOM Cluster
How to calculate the confidence interval of a function of a combination of two linear models
Are interaction plots only useful for fixed effects?
SVM model selection for datasets with sharp corners
Best process for drawing numbers
Occam's razor obsolete?
If model is significant but some coefficients are not
State space representation using KFAS package
Two uneven groups (101 vs 21) measured twice; what repeated measures ANOVA equivalent can help?
Determine an unknown number of real world locations from GPS-based reports
Can I justify performing a two-way anova where data is normally distributed but has heterogeneous variances?
Confusion matrices with percentages rather than number of instances?
'Stationarity requirement' why?
Three Parameter Pearson 5 Distribution
Confusion about scatter matrices
Regressing latent variables on observed variable using `sem` package in R
ARIMA modeling: can seasonal data be seasonally stationary?
Physical significance of heavy tail distributions
Simulate forecast sample paths from tbats model
What's the best way to choose data for Crossvalidation on linear regression settings (PCA, PLS)
What is an Hypergeometric distribution where the last event is success?
Study- Probabilities problem
parallelism in data mining softwares
Confidence intervals for empirical CDF
Test a significant difference between two slope values
Estimator bias without a closed form?
Confusion related to density estimation
Confusion related to expectation
Evaluate statistical significance of difference between outcomes of tests
How can I sample from a distribution with incomputable CDF?
Does Poisson Regression have an error term?
What is better to transform doing linear regression, response or explanatory variable(s)?
Interpreting graphs
In SPSS, how do I analyze the similarity of multiple scores, differentiated by another variable?
what do you call a pie chart with equal arcs but different areas
Forward Stepwise selection
Constant variance assumption in regression model
Use of two Likert scale for correlations
R, Differences between lm and aov
Stats test which test of the NULL that a distribution is uniformally distributed
Entropy of noncentral multivariate t distribution
Quantile regression standard error and the OLS standard error
How to compare multiple groups which are binary?
how to read y axis in kernel density graph
ML with fastest classification speed
What should I do when a confidence interval includes an impossible range of values?
How to find a sequence of random variables of infinite expectation that converges to zero?
How to associate the probability output of a Random Forest classifier with reality
Transforming variables
Interaction terms in poisson regression
T-test / ANOVA on Box-Cox transformed non-normal data
Simulation of Fisher's exact test is underestimating power
Pros/Cons of recoding ordinal/nominal variables to target mean for logistic regression?
ANCOVA (GLM) versus Mixed Linear Model with covariate measured at both pre- and post-treatment (in SPSS)
What is the difference between a zero-inflated and a zero-truncated poisson?
Explain overfitting / data leakage to a colleague
Birthday problem, but matching couples instead of individuals
Increasing the value of C in SVM (LibSVM) is not changing the accuracy at all
Apparent fallacy in Fisher-Irwin test
Are GAMMs/GLM the best choice for calculating number of germs on hands?
Time variation in coefficients
Significant difference from regression confidence intervals
Kolmogorov-Smirnov and bootstrap
Regarding p-values, why 1% and 5%? Why not 6% or 10%?
Back transformation of an MLR model
Warning:NAs introduced by coercion in MICE with unique ID
Comparing divergence from uniform distributions with differing supports (discrete)
Datamining and time series forecasting
How to evaluate differences of multiple Likert scale ratings of multiple items within groups?
Do I want to find the correlation coefficients or the covariance matrix of two arrays?
Standard errors of hyperbFit?
Which statistical software is suitable for teaching an undergraduate introductory course of statistics in social sciences?
Interpreting time series decomposition using TBATS from R forecast package
Mixed models and normally distributed random effects
PCA before train/test split
What does it mean to determine the power of your experiment via simulation?
Testing a dataset against a distribution with parameters estimated from that dataset
How to cluster temporal trajectories of various social network statistics
Is there any meta-approach for variable selection based of measures of similarity between each two variables?
Difference between Randomization test and Permutation test
Estimating age based on height
Confusion related to histogram density estimation
Interpretation of mean in this example
Is this an error or not?
How do I use Q-Learning to update values?
bivariate probit with endogenous covariate testing
Population with known distribution (not normal) versus small sample
Sequential problem for n=1, non linear regression
Things besides pairwise correlations
How to calculate the distribution of the minimum of multiple exponential variables?
Finding Expected Value of a discrete uniform random variable
Using probability scores from a random forest
Histogram with uniform vs non-uniform Bins
Equivalent to K-S test on discrete data with uneven quantization
Dimensionality Reduction Algorithm for Large Dataset?
Finding similar users
How to calculate the standard error of the marginal effects in interactions (robust regression)?
SVD in movie recommendation
What is the optimal distance function for individuals when attributes are nominal?
What technical language to describe the degree to which probabilities are likely to be modified by future data?
What are the implications of sampling to attain a given distribution in one variable?
How do you interpret results from unit root tests?
Multi-armed bandit algorithms in Java?
When is it appropriate to use a paired Wilcoxon test?
Moderation in repeated-measures design?
Is LOESS the appropriate way of visualizing my RT data?
How to use stochastic variable without linking to data in PyMC?
How to translate a histogram to natural language?
Numerical and graphical summaries of data distribution and relationships
Why don't we look at $R^2$ when fitting an autoregressive model?
How to identify a new pattern in a URL with a machine learning algorithm (Text mining)
What will be the first value when we difference for ARIMA model
Finding a known number of circle centers that maximize the number of points within a fixed distance
Gamma function, unbiased estimation of standard deviation
Can a sample be too large for ANOVA or a t-test?
Research paper - section dependent variable for logistic regression
Backpropagation vs Genetic Algorithm for Neural Network training
Zero conditional mean assumption
Does R predict or forecast on an arimax model?
What statistical test do I need to see if there is a correlation between two different instruments?
How to best display crosstab data?
Logistic regression: categorical predictor vs. quantitative predictor
Hierarchical regression using residuals
Generalized LM or LM in ecological dataset
How do I sample multiple normally distributed items and maintain a fixed sum?
Intuition behind Dvoretzky Kiefer Wolfowitz inequality
the leading minor of order 1 is not positive definite error using 2l.norm in mice
Hypothesis test on data with confounding spatial clustering
What is an unbiased estimate of population R-square?
When is Gaussian mixture model more effective than Single Gaussian?
How to use a fitted model parameters for forecasting other time series
Choosing one variable from each of 3 buckets of variables
How to visualize counts of different categories
How to interpret a non significant independent variable?
Why did I get significant difference result before using post-hoc test but I got an insignificant result after using post-hoc test?
Regression Estimation difficulties
How to do a multiple regression with ARIMA using R?
What is the difference between a Normal and a Gaussian Distribution
What are some good resources for the history of time series analysis?
Is anything wrong with this approach to PCA?
Can I partition a frequency table and use Fisher's exact test instead of the chi-squared test?
Proof for two-sample Hotelling $T^2$ statistic?
Max-Diff Using Rank-Order Data?
BoxCox Transformation for time series with multiple instances
Automatically detect bimodal curves in a large number of short time series
How should we interpret the variable created by Principal Component Analysis?
Why is the semi-partial correlation sometimes called the part correlation?
CART - Classification And Regression Trees
Is it possible to find the combined standard deviation?
What impact does including more predictors have on the CI for R squared?
Mechanics of and intuition behind probabiliity
Predicting chemical property (Boiling Point) from a SMILES string
Dealing with 'Don't Know' answers for a categorical outcome variable
MLE/Likelihood of lognormally distributed interval
Comparing two logit or probit curves using a single parameter
Question regarding Bonferroni correction
Mean, median and modal
EFA clearly supports one-factor, measure is internally consistent, but CFA has poor fit?
how can the probabilities of sampling subset proportions be tested?
Association analysis returns 0 useful rules
Using Davies-Bouldin index in clustering
Cosine of a uniform random variable
What's the distribution of $\bar{X}^{-1}$?
Given that one can sample $X \sim f(x)$, is there an easy way to sample $Y \sim k \cdot f(g(y))$ (such as $k \cdot f(e^y)$)?
Confusion related to Kulldorff's scan statistics
PCA using princomp in MATLAB
Estimating point of phase transition
Averaging weights learned during backpropogation
Wald test in regression (OLS and GLMs): t- vs. z-distribution
Principal component analysis (PCA) on long-tailed data
Unit root test specifications?
How can I find $\text{Cov}(X_k,X_5)$
Noisy linear relationship: Can the functional form be known?
Duplicate detection/classification using TF/IDF and cosine similarity metrics
Most efficient way of sampling a product of distributions $k \cdot f(x) \cdot g(x)$, given that PDFs $f(x)$ and $g(x)$ can easily sampled?
PCA and varimax references?
The sample size applied to a non-normal distribution
Feature Selection Packages in R
MLE of the mixture parameter in mixing two normal densities
Power of a Multiple Linear Regression
Interpretation of fixed effect model (panel data)
How to test my data against an specific normal distribution?
Likert Scale Analysis - Pre/Post
Principled ways of constraining $E[Y]=0$ when one of your regressors $\rightarrow$ 0
mutually exclusive definition
subtraction of two multivariate normal distribution
Is a Chi-square test appropriate?
A serious in-depth problem of probabilities for flipping coins
Bootstrapped confidence intervals for the parameters of a linear model applied to multiply imputed data
Which performance measure for unbalanced binary classification without an 'active' class?
Explanation of minimum observations for multiple regression
How can I test whether a random effect is significant?
Deciding attributes for decision trees
A way to test for enrichment of differentially expressed genes in a genomic location
Performing model validation in stata
How to reduce dimensionality of vector?
Logistic regression for ranking: how do you represent inter-human variation?
jtest vs coxtest
How to create a single rank / score number from a multiple set of variables that define the quality of something
Case Control Study
How to back-calculate change from baseline from a p-value for a paired t test
soft question - Why and when is classification useful
Exploratory factor analysis using pooled longitudinal data
Help analyzing repeated measures categorical data
Is it possible to use a two sample $t$ test here?
Factor analysis: What to do when determinant is almost zero and when KMO for a variable is low?
Can I do parallel analysis with any type of exploratory factor analysis/principal component analysis?
Can any probability distribution be written as a Boltzmann distribution?
Dummycoding based on clustering from OM distances
Multinomial Conditional Distribution
Method of moment estimator
Post Fisher's exact test- how to weight within categorial differences?
Getting rid of a huge categorical factor in multiple regression
Normalization / Moving Average
Reducible Markov Chain with a state that communicates with nothing
Need help understanding calculation about Confidence interval
Interpretation of Translog regression
Question about sample autocovariance function
Goodness-of-fit for contingency tables
ANOVA or multiple t-tests when comparing pre-existing group means?
Statistic for the curvature or non-linearity of a dataset
Baum-welch algorithm: probabilities after each step
Calculating margin of error for precision and recall
Analysis of discrete (count) time-series data
How to do Empirical Bayes Estimation of HLM parameteres in R?
Is it legitimate to use a conditional PDF derived using kernel density estimation for hypothesis testing?
Standard Error of Standard Deviations Estimated with gls in R
getting rid of the batch effects
How does LASSO select among collinear predictors?
Is there a smooth probability density function with finite moments and a closed form quantile function?
Statistical terminology: Is my wording correct?
$N(\theta,\theta)$: MLE for a Normal where mean=variance
Which test to use to compare proportions between 3 groups?
What are good RMSE values?
Variance associated with factors in GLS (nlme)
Finding post-hoc power of a repeated measures ANOVA using G*Power (Am I entering the right parameters?)
Time spent in an activity as an independent variable
Hypothesis test on the Euclidean length of an unknown vector
Graph for relationship between two ordinal variables
Testing for weak instruments in panel data
Matrix image regression or regression of subscales
Calculating trend for 3 dimensional data
Confidence interval for a small number of iid Poisson
Random effects are not normal
Jeffrey's prior for variance
What precisely is the interpretation of distance correlation?
ARIMA forecast with seasonality and trend, strange result
Difference between a 2 factor ANOVA and mixed effects model
Distribution of random variable
Good resources (online or book) on the mathematical foundations of statistics
When should I update a recommendation engine?
Latent Semantic Analysis - Co-occurrence of words
PCA on log transformed data
Comparing sets of non-normal distributions
How should I define missing values due to skip questions in SPSS?
Why is the coefficient of variation not valid when using data with positive and negative values?
How to correctly apply the Fama&French with momentum to estimate the degree of outperformance?
Detecting Outliers in Count Data
Naive Bayes without model
A Question about the Bootstrap Distribution
Avoiding the Generalized Variance Formula for the NYC Housing and Vacancy Survey
Time series forecasting
Is it ok to determine early stopping using the validation set in 10-fold cross-validation?
Appropriate distributions for infrequent events with copycats
vector fit interpretation NMDS
How to form a confidence band around the trend fitted from time series data
Sparse PCA adjusted variance explained
What test should I use for hypothesis with many variables?
Meaning of p-value of logistic regression model variables
Find out the conditional probability
What factors do I have to consider when deciding if creating a composite score using four t-scores is defensible psychometrically?
Evaluate Quantile Regression results and t-stats at different levels
Constructing a VECM with a mix of I(0) and I(1) variables
How to write a function to generate a sequence of points in R?
Book Recommendation for Mathematical Statistics
Is the number 20 magic?
Quantify mediation effect of one variable on interaction of 3 others
Implementation of the cross validiation
Estimating right-censored data
Cluster analysis on ordinal data (Likert scale)
Patterns in binary sequences
Robust mean estimation with O(1) update efficiency
Re-scaling a confusion matrix after down sampling one class
What are the main differences between K-means and K-nearest neighbours?
How to assess relationship between responses to multiple likert items between two raters when there are multiple rater pairs?
Monotonic and non-monotonic patterns of missing values: how do they look like?
How to calculate confidence interval for autocorrelation- and cross correlation functions?
Testing symmetry of a distribution around its mean
Why are these proper kernels and how to deduce that they are?
How to calculate the regression variance for a GLS model?
Standard Deviation of Random effect is 0?
Questions on likelihood analysis
How to solve collinearity problems in OLS regression?
Plotting predicted values in GLM in R
Statistics of a simple coin toss
PyMC: how can I define a function of two stochastic variables, with no closed-form distribution?
Modelling rainfall to size storage tanks
How can I tell if modelling/testing with Binomial/Beta is correct?
Nested Models for Likelihood Test
Fit a logistic regression code in R
Calculating confidence intervals for a proportion when there are no 'successes' in the sample
Are the angles between iid training data and the classifier learned from them independent?
Correct structuring of random effects?
Is this a case control study or a retrospective cohort study?
Non-causal of variable threshold algorithm
$r^2 = 35\%$, $r = 0.59$ How does a (pro) statistician formally interpret this correlation? Strong? Weak?
What method should I use to identify which variables differentiate between objects of two different classes?
Visualizing high dimensional data
Recreate logistic regression equation from table of odds data
In general how do you set K in K-NN?
Finding uncertainty in coefficients from polyfit in Matlab
Correct interpretation of Lmer output
Is there a function to check a set of events/random variables are mutually independent?
Which statistical test should i use? pre-post intervention comparisions and post-post comparisons
How do I conduct a simulation using a logistic model with multiple covariates using R?
Bayesian posterior: mean vs highest probability
Type III sums of squares
Normalization Factor Wrong? (Bug?)
Monte Carlo Rejection Sampling Method
Is Wikipedia wrong about the null distribution of the signed rank statistic?
What is the fastest method for determining collinearity degree?
Mann-Whitney null hypothesis under unequal variance
Measuring change of participation level in a population after a policy change
How to control for a variable
How do you Interpret RMSLE (Root Mean Squared Logarithmic Error)?
Multivariate regression and use of proportion type variables as DV in it
Smoothing algorithm for irregular time interval
Gauss-Markov theorem: BLUE and OLS
Transforming data: correlate regardless of distribution
Software for working with exponential random graphs
Interpreting Outputs From a Generalised Linear Mixed Model
confusion related to the dual of svm
Looking for Intuition Regarding Fixed/Random Effect Conundrum
Why is it called white noise?
Confusion related to data normalization
Appropriate Analysis for ordinal variable, repeated 4 times under different conditions, by the same 2 raters
How can I use Bayes rule for this question given additional data
Probability $X$ is less than mean
Closed form Karhunen-Loeve/PCA expansion for gaussian/squared-exponential covariance
What does a testing procedure is valid mean?
Where do I put the control variables in 2SLS?
Computation of likelihood when $n$ is very large, so likelihood gets very small?
Examples of Textbook Retrospective Studies
range of coefficient of determination R^2 (can be negative?)
OLS result with LASSO
Truncating error bars in publication graph?
Transforming two sets of test scores to be comparable?
Understanding MCMC and the Metropolis-Hastings algorithm
Confidence bounds for PDF
Condition for Law of Large Numbers, Monte Carlo
Simulate constrained normal on lower or upper bound in R
Determining confidence intervals: using partial information on possible outcomes
Comparing the accuracy of nested distributions: is the larger model always better?
How to test for differences in 3 related measures assessed pre- & post- treatment on the same sample?
Positive & negative shocks in a VAR model and impulse response function in R
Maximum number of classes for RandomForest multiclass estimation
Validating a Varimax implementation?
Timeline of machine learning and data mining breakthroughs
Correlations with a linear combination means correlation with individual variables?
Multiple hypothesis testing and F tests?
What to do With Curvilinear Relationships?
Kernel PCA (in R)
What is the test statistic in Fisher's exact test?
Given a small pilot study, how to compute number of samples needed for a certain power?
For bootstrapping, why does a higher subsample size lead to lower variance?
Area to the right or left when computing test statistic
Chi squared test of homogeneity
how to interpret the interaction term in lm formula in R?
How to interpret odds ratio?
Can I do a correlation between a likert scale and a dichotomous scale with the same list of items
Using the Bayes Theorem?
Fisher's exact test, contingency tables
Total Probability and Events Negation
Technical term for a survey scale with opposite values at both ends?
Help interpreting ACF- and PACF-plots
Under which assumptions does the ordinary least squares method give efficient and unbiased estimators?
R - Multidimensional Scaling and Missing Values
Compare observed distribution of values vs bootstrapped values
Can we find bounds on R-squared?
Is every covariance matrix positive definite?
Can Hazard Ratio be translated into ratio of medians of survival time?
Do skewness and kurtosis uniquely determine type of distribution?
Understanding the construction of Dirichlet process
How to prove that Manova is a special case of mixed models?
Overall rank from multiple ranked lists
Estimation of the density/distribution
Bayesian hypothesis testing of two parameters
Unit root test for ARIMA models
Is there overfitting in this modellng approach
Is bootstrapping standard errors and confidence intervals appropriate in regressions where homoscedasticity assumption is violated?
R - how can I use neural networks for a binary dependent variable in R?
A non-technical visualization of my database (a layman's ER Diagram?)
Calculating error bars for Excel Linear Regression
Do Bayes factors require multiple comparison correction?
Whats the relationship between $R^2$ and F-Test?
Why do coefficients and significance levels change so much in my OLS? Do I need MIXED model instead?
Use the Central Limit Theorem to calculate the approx probabilities of Gamma RVs?
Do the predictions of a Random Forest model have a prediction interval?
chi-squared test for non-iid binomial data
Random Forests and data transformations
What are the independence assumptions of Cox models with time varying covariates?
Speed up web a/b tests with sample size checkpoints
spatial autocorrelation for time series data
Kalman- Bucy filter: prior mean change
k-fold cross validation vs k times hold-out validation
Identity in Markov Process
Relation between causal inference and prediction (classification and regression)
Testing equality of proportions
Calculating inter rater reliability where raters and ratees only partially overlap
Efficient numerical methods to estimate ARMA models?
How to find the connection between variables
Attempting to investigate a relationship between one variable and another that has three possible values
Differentiating experimental data
How to perform Normalization on Call Details Record to perform k-Mean Clustering
trouble in prediction in neural network classifier
A distribution similar to the Poisson one?
Distribution for number of trials before a fixed sum is reached
Divergence interpretation
Calculating the corr. coefficient between returns of portfolios in EXCEL
Analysis of randomized experiments
How to compare results of a questionnaire consisting of 40 Likert items, before and after an intervention?
Neural network with skip-layer connections
Entropy calculations and Process ranking
Pros and Cons of Fitting a Spatial Regression to Cumulative Data
BMI at baseline & followup with exposure at baseline; model change or BMI at FUP? Control for BMI baseline?
Cronbach's Alpha and Factor Analysis for Repeated Measures Design
Meaning of partial correlation
Alternative to One-way ANOVA unequal variance
Hamming distance for strings with different length
Selecting a Bayes shrinkage prior
Correcting for Type 1 error in multiple paired t-tests?
Mann-Whitney vs. t-test to compare two samples with different distributions
Hierachical Predictors in a Regression
How to interpret the frailty terms in a coxph.penal model?
CMH-test, multiple contingency tables, unpaired entries
Regression with some associated ordinal dependent variables
Integrating Prior estimates in Simrank Model
Deciding if my mutant strains are significantly different from my wild type from data measured over time or from gradients
Can I repeat cross validation with a small dataset, and/or how can I improve my cross validation confidence?
Fisher information for Poisson model
Term used to describe two lines appearing closer to each other when lines are at a greater gradient
Is it essential to do normalization for SVM and Random Forest?
One predictor is a linear combination of another
Spearman Rho or ANOVA when examining effect of ordinal IV on continuous DV?
Solutions to E. T. Jaynes Probability Theory for self study?
Categorical or continuous variable?
Finding the best fit parameters for only a certain segment of data
What does degree of freedom mean in neural networks?
Interpreting interaction terms in logit regression with categorical variables
Logistic regression algorithm in Ruby
In multinomial logistic regression, can I compare the categories that are not the reference category with each other?
What is the expected distribution of residuals in a generalized linear model?
Deriving eq. 3.56 in Jayne's Probability Theory using expectations
Poisson regression for change in count following an event
How to eliminate high multicollinearity with a continuous moderating variable, and a categorical independent variable
How to find +/- uncertainty with a least squares regression
Three-way repeated measures ANOVA - what to do next?
Alternative to Shannon's entropy when probabilty equal to zero
Assumptions and contraindications of conjoint analysis
Multiple Linear Regression
Name of phenomenon on estimated CDF plots of censored data
Is there a simple rule for interpretation of Interactions (and their directions) in binary logistic regression?
High censoring rate in survival analysis
Interpreta​tion of main effect when interactio​n term is significan​t (ex. lme)
Median + MAD for skewed data
Forecasting of highly correlated time series
Predicting from the posterior of a random coefficients model
Macro and Micro Inter-Coder/Rater Agreement
Updating Time-To-Event distribution given quantity of time elapsed with no event occurence
P value and confidence interval for two sample test of proportions disagree
Will two estimators converge to the same answer?
Not sure whether to treat my data as nominal or scale
Statistical analysis of multiple algorithms over a single dataset
Cross Correlation (xcorr in MATLAB) vs Pearson Correlation (corr in MATLAB)
Bayesian uninformative priors vs. frequentist null hypotheses: what's the relationship?
What to do about Seasonality Patterns in ACF, Time Series Data
Behrens–Fisher problem on Wikipedia
How to estimate certain parameters of an AR model in R?
What scheme is used for the axes in this plot?
How to see how good is my model?
Measuring relative variability for variables with different scales
Truncated Normal -- Reproduce a randomly generated data set
Question about reading an output for using ANOVA to compare two linear models
Best test to assess statistical difference between two groups on a set of 5-point questionnaire items
Does alpha need to be adjusted for running Mann-Whitney U test independently for two dependent variables?
Probability the sum of numbered balls drawn from a box is odd
Calculate mean of one variable while controlling for another using regression
A better bayesian way of modelling autoregressive mixtures
Invariance in neural networks
Will there be Volume 2 of Mathematical Statistics by Bickel and Doksum and Robust Asymptotic Statistics by Rieder?
How to analyze pre-post attitudinal data (ordinal) collected from a group of 60 students?
(Prediction) constrained OLS in R
Program Impulse Response Functions for VAR
Account for spatial autocorrelation with a binomial regression model
Discrete-Time Event History (Survival) Model in R
How to calculate multi-step prediction intervals for time series data?
Can I perform a stratified test againts a true value?
Mixed-effects model for a strongly unbalanced design
Fisher's exact test vs chi-squared with infection data
Kurtosis of a standardized Student's-t distribution?
Cross correlation for extremely highly correlated series
What regression analysis should I perform on my data and why?
Why is it reasonable to consider deviation from null mean as test statistic?
Help for Johansen cointegrating vectors test
Asymptotic property of tuning parameter in penalized regression
Convergence of empirical distribution parameters of a sequence of generated normal variables
two component non standard mixture (normal + unknown)
$X \sim $ Geometric$(p)$, $Y \sim$ NegativeBinomial$(2,p)$: find the MVUE for $p(1-p)$
Error term/Innovation process in ARCH/GARCH processes?
Pretest-posttest plus control design
How do I interpret the 'correlations of fixed effects' in my glmer output?
How do I report a 4x4 ANOVA interaction
What is Recurrent Reinforcement Learning
Reporting predicted outcome of mixed effects models
How is the Df computed in a mixed model?
Why is the Likelihood function NOT a case of the inverse fallacy?
Likelihood analysis for exponential distribution
Under what conditions do Bayesian and frequentist point estimators coincide?
Highly unbalanced test data set and balanced training data in classification
Implementation of Dirichlet cdf?
Hypergeometric, binomial, or something else for enrichment analysis of potentially shared molecular barcodes between groups?
Is this a case for ordered logistic regression?
Test statistic as Gamma distribution
Should the predictor variables be normally distributed for Poisson glm?
How could one develop a stopping rule in a power analysis of two independent proportions?
How to tell if my variable is a suppressor?
T values of ARIMA parameter estimates
Analysis of computer software performance
How to do a Bayesian survival analysis and determine which variables are useful?
Blocked repeated measures ANOVA in R
Non-nested model verification
Activation value at output neuron equals 1, and the network doesn't learn anything
Zero values and discontinuity in explanatory variable
Moment generating functions question
Comparison of p values for Levene mean test and Levene median test?
Is it correct to say the smooth curve fitted by LOESS?
Counterfactuals for Variables with Negative Values
Correlation Clustering
Pre to Post Repeated measures for categorical dependent variable and more than one independent variables both continues and catgorical
Naive Bayes feature probabilities (Do I double count words?)
Relation between minimum contrast estimate and minimum distance estimate?
Converting ARMA models to infinite AR process in R
Expected number of duplicates (triplicates etc) when drawing with replacement
Mixed-effect modeling with paired observations & bounded response variables
Which pdf is this?
Tests for spatial stationarity (homogeneity)?
Visualizing results from multiple latent class models
Statistical test for measure of association not assuming monotonicity in small samples (n=6)?
What does it imply when an estimate is not inside its 95% confidence interval?
Different ways of determining rejection region of a two sided test
Reshaping a distribution
1sigma error on the mean
What functions qualify to be called measures of dispersion by statistician?
Ripley's K Function and L Function for Point Patterns
What do people call the groups into which quantiles divide the population?
How to simulate multiple dependent 2x2 tables?
How to test for overdispersion in Poisson GLMM with lmer() in R?
Confidence intervals based on the CLT: ever useful?
What is the meaning of All models are wrong, but some are useful
Correct formula for standardized Student's t-distribution
How do I setup a model with hierarchical structure using lmer in R?
Why is ANOVA interaction no longer significant after including a covariate?
How to choose interactions to test when there are many predictors?
How to test for one way correlation between time series?
In testing, do we need to make the area of an acceptance region as small as possible?
Nonlinear manifold learning and distances between projected points
Why is svm not so good as decision tree on the same data?
Transform hazard rates to other time intervals
Measure the relation/association between the outcome and the independent variables
Expected value of sums of squares of a blocking factor in a split plot design
Need help calculating a Bayes estimation for a Poisson
Weighted SVM and Up-sampling
How to perform dimension reduction after doing PCA in R?
Issues with solving large sparse linear equations
Compare two Medians
How to get the diagonal elements of a covariance matrix from its sparse precision matrix?
VaR in case of ARMA-GARCH?
What current methods for statistical disclosure limitation are best trade-offs between data privacy and data utility?
Bounded response variable [-1;1] - Should I transform it?
What test should be used to tell if two linear regression lines are significantly different?
what test to use tell significant difference of two quadratic regression curves
Random slope in a model without random intercept
Expected value of latent utility in logistic regression
Is this kernel proper?
PyMC beginner: how to actually sample from the fitted model
R p-value half to SPSS rANOVA
Calculating whether a disease is probable using Bayes rule?
MLE for distribution where some data not available
MLE for simulated case of binomial p with constant labelling rate
Propagation of uncertainty through a linear system of equations
Duncan’s statistical test for blocks designed experiment with full factorial scheme
Utilizing cross-validation with up-sampled data
Relationships between the corr(x,y) and corr(x,y) on a subset
Test of significance between gain scores of intervention group and control group
Data Analysis using R
Chow test multiple variables
Interpreting a residuals vs fitted plot and extracting points
Cauchy M estimator of regression in R
After centering, interactions' effects got reversed. It was not fixed by reversing the dependent variable. What should I do?
Distance measure for multi-categorical responses
Books on cluster algorithms
Fancy Autocorrelation plot of rugarch package?
Finding Degree of Freedom from 2 Logit Models
Omit 0 lag order in ACF plot
Is this an ARMA(1,1) or something else?
Correlogram in R like in Stata?
Reporting regression equations for non-significant results
2x3 ANOVA interaction no longer significant after including a covariate?
Understanding Sequential Probability Ratio Test (SPRT) Likelihood Ratio
Learning parameters of non-parametric Bayesian models
Conditional cross-validation sampling
(Spline) curve fitting $(x,y)$ points when $dy/dx$ is also known for each point
Predicting high frequency finance time series with HMM
Confidence interval for classification error: binomial assumption vs. bootsrap resampling
Chart/visual for negative binomial regression
Book on Repeated Measure Analysis
Precision, Recall and area under ROC curve as sample size increases
Computing a bootstrap confidence interval for the prediction error with the percentile and the BCa method
Comparison of two Simpson indices using t-test
Visualise data with different sample sizes
Hypothesis Testing
Why is the logistic regression cost function scaled by the number of examples?
Log-linear analysis vs Breslow-day test
Test for comparing mean of means
Compute sum of vectors drawn from multivariate normal, subject to a linear constraint
Can pivot be used for testing
Why is there a sharp elbow in my ROC curves?
How to analyze ordinal repeated measures data
ARIMA -- Residual autocorrelation is non-significant upto lag 6 and significant beyond lag 6
Does pivoting a discrete CDF provide a pivot?
Simple cloud computing to run R + JAGS simulations
Manually evaluating the DIC: very big number of effective parameters?
How to find P-value of Mutual Information Correlation (MIC) in R?
Running a Probit on Survival-Time Data?
multiple imputation with binary variables
What exactly is the equation for SVM classification for new example?
Test for significance of correlation matrix
Line of best fit (Linear regression) over vertical line
Quantify strength of association of two continuous variables while controlling for random effects
how to estimate CTR (ctr-click-through-rate)?
Duality between acceptance region of testing and confidence region in terms of optimality?
Is this a scale or ordinal variable
Modeling stimulus-response output
How to report the results of cross-validation for comparing two models?
Order of Support Vectors, and how to reduce them
Expected value and variance of log(a)
Is the square root of the symmetric Kullback-Leibler divergence a metric?
Error in estimation with continuous data
Predict binary occupancy vector from history of vectors
Few main variables in the best model still show multicollineairty. Should I remove them despite their importance?
Is it correct to say the gamma distribution is completely determined by its first two moments?
how to calculate E[vech(x x')vech(x x')']?
Best estimate for a decile or quintile mean from a known distributional family?
What do you consider a new model versus an updated model (time series)?
What is residual standard error?
How can I perform a meta-analysis on variables which are not normally distributed?
ANOVA analysis with only mean and standard deviation
Differences between SVR with a linear kernel and linear least squares
What is class correlation?
Is there a way to correct standard errors and/or prediction intervals for multiple comparison after doing backwards selection?
Experiment with two groups, pre- and post- treatment assessments
Using the dependent variable as part of a control variable?
What is the distinction between relationships and differences (particularly in the context of group differences on a numeric attribute)?
How to handle samples with many replicates for population estimation,when sample size is small?
Introductory textbook on nonparametric Bayesian models?
Standardized generalized hyperbolic distribution
Confusion with Chi-Square test
Confusion with Augmented Dickey Fuller test
Questions regarding predict.glmpath()
Fitting a Poisson distribution from missing observations
Dealing with grouped / rounded data
How to correctly model noise?
Evaluating features and similarity measures
Split dataset randomly
Formula to calculate a t-distribution
Categorical Binary Variable
Link Anomaly Detection in Temporal Network
Poisson Repeated Measures ANOVA
Performance decay when testing on bootstrap data
Conditional expectation for the reciprocal of a normal
Two forms of test statistics in likelihood ratio tests
Heckman sample selection vs. OLS
Equivalence between single sample cross-validation index and the Akaike information criterion for prediction
T-test and the number of observations
Lmer model design
How to interpret p-value of Kolmogorov-Smirnov test (python)?
Bayesian analysis with histogram prior. Why draw simulations from the posterior?
What's the formula of normalized correlation?
Is McNemar's Test appropriate for evaluating pre-post differences in intervention studies with a control arm?
Is a simple time series one- or two-dimensional?
Hidden Markov model & statistical significance
An up to date keyword set on global news
What are statistical methods for comparing different brackets
 random effects must be less than the number of observations error in lmer package
Generalization of Heckman's two step procedure
How to prove the number of distinct distributions in a group of distributions?
Sample size and power calculation for randomized cluster study
Creating an index that measures how accurate economsits are at predicting the US economy
Measuring representativeness of a sample using covariates
Dealing with outliers when comparing variances with Bartlett's test
Examining the relative efficiency of the trimmed mean
Test for differences between parameters of models estimated from partially overlaping samples
What to do against sampling/selection bias?
Incorporating averaging models from AIC and still using k-fold cross validation?
How to correlate attitudes and behavior?
Fast way to calculate difference in normal CDFs
Simple question about notation
Integrating unknown parameter out of the likelihood function
How to handle samples that belong to multiple classes in supervised learning?
Appropriate statistical test to test if probabilities are accurate
Percentiles of a distribution
Small sample, many variables
How can I perform post-hoc tests to the ANOVA performed during K means clustering?
Is the p-postulate true?
Forecasting optimization techniques in fantasy baseball
Positive/negative relationship for a binary variable in a linear regression
Is it appropriate to use bootstrapping to measure variance?
Comparing GLS models with different fixed variables using AIC: REML or ML?
What is the difference between multivariate analysis and econometrics?
Data exploration tools for Excel
How to explain how I divided a bimodal distribution based on kernel density estimation
Estimate multinomial probit model with mlogit (R package)
How to plot a 5D data set in star coordinates?
Can I use t-test for interaction in a two-way factorial ANOVA?
Bivariate normal expectation of the sinus cardinal
Testing the goodness-of-fit of a random distribution to a parametric distribution
Multilevel modeling of experimental data with repeated measures in the same condition of factorial experiment
Stat test to compare two sets of binomial data
How to simulate a hidden Markov chain?
Which quantile type (quantile calculation method) is best for small samples?
Prediction on mixed effect models: what to do with random effects?
Is it valid to divide data by a constant to make the estimated beta larger / more interpretable?
send a packet with probability p
Which transformation is better for a PCA?
Measuring some of the patients more than once
How to Partition An Interaction SS in ANOVA
What is a similar test?
What does R mean by unbalanced design?
Dirichlet multinomial for adverse event data
Comparing correlations between two groups
How do I set up a multivariate hierarchical multiple linear regression in R?
All vs One non-parametric test?
Persistent cluster IDs over similar inputs with k-means
Name of the paradox reported by Gelman
Extended Cox model with continuous time dependent covariate - how to structure data?
Pre-truncation moments for truncated multivariate normal
Why is Hedonic Regression used instead of Linear Regression
What technique is most appropriate to choose best of multiple options based on a set of requirements
A good primer on how people deal with cluster-wise autocorrelation in mixed models?
Model notation correct? ARMA(p,q)-GARCH(r,s)
Normalization of three different variables for linear addition
Confidence bands in case of fitting ARIMA in R?
Neg Binomial and the Jeffreys' Prior
Predictions of a monthly temperature time series: adding noise to the predicted values
Conditional expectation of R-squared
Problem with classifier after using SMOTE to balance the data
Interpreting regression coefficents when the variables are in proportions
Build statistical model
Plotting 0 in a log scaled axis
Large sample asymptotic/theory - Why to care about?
Compendium or catalog of compound distributions?
Test regression parameter against a constant in SPSS
Converting binary data to percentage
Mean and variance of number of tries required
Interpreting plot.lm()
Why do categorical predictor variables in regression need to be recoded as multiple predictors?
Burns survival dataset - meaning of midpoint of set interval
Estimation of variance
Combined individual error
Z test of coefficients of output?
Compare fit of ordinal to linear model
interaction terms in separate models?
Which is more accurate glm or glmnet?
Correcting for random walk
Are the posteriors different? How does one discuss the result?
Parameters for a Hierarchical Multinomial Regression
Meaning of a statistic $U$ is ancillary to another statistic $T$?
Question on autoregressive equation
Using continuity correction for normal approximation or not?
User-defined correlation matrix in R package nlme with negative values
How to determine the sample size of a Latin Hypercube sampling?
How do I combine two predictors?
Should I expect it to be a chicken or a penguin?
Neyman-Pearson Theorem Question
When does Naive Bayes perform better than SVM?
Ancillary statistic not containing information about sample distribution?
Does Fisher's factorization theorem provide the pdf of the sufficient statistic?
What distribution does my data follow?
Intutive difference between hidden Markov models and conditional random fields
What factor (trials or blocks) to use in a repeated measures ANOVA
What is the definition of source population?
Sufficient statistic and hypothesis testing
Degrees of freedom for standard deviation of sample
Conditions for the existence of UMP in one-sided two sample hypothesis test
How random are the results of the kmeans algorithm?
Why are MA(q) time series models called moving averages?
Whether to incorporate zero inflation into model of binary variable on count variable?
What do you think is the trick making ARMA/ARIMA a good method for forecasting?
Assessing correlations, adjusted for time
Ratios of means - statistical comparison test using Fieller's theorem?
Reducing the dimension of an embedding
How to estimate true value and 95% bands when distribution is asymmetrical?
SV model estimation in R using tsbugs
Logistic regression with random and with fixed intercept
Bootstrapping importance sampling estimates
In R, coefficients of MA function are wrong?
Foundamental limit theorem of Markov chains with higher order chains?
How to estimate true value and 95% bands when distribution is asymmetrical?
How can one set up a linear support vector machine in Excel?
Can I use 95%CI for mean for non-normal distribution if there is a natural limit?
What do I need to consider when using the Hessian to compute S.E.'s?
Fitting data to gamma distribution to find score which corresponds to pvalue < 0.05?
Showing two groups have the same frequency distribution
Asymptotic probability concerning the largest absolute value in an iid Gaussian sample
Complex correlation in my regression?
Mean and variance of call center data
Covariance of a set of uniformly distributed unit vectors?
Looking for help with interpreting my OLS models
Comparing two different but related datasets
Including seasonal dummies in regression
Why are $x$ and $x^2$ correlated?
Can I incude an effect size as an independent variable in a meta-regression?
How do I identify the Long Tail portion of my distribution?
How to report most important predictors using glmnet?
Generalized Linear Model estimating multiple parameters concurrently
Advice on the statistical analysis of clinical data using summary statistics, t-tests, ANOVA, and linear regression
Bound on the variance for [0,1] RVs as a function of the mean
rugarch: Understand forecasting
Mahalanobis distance for a multivariate normal distribution before and after uncorrelation
How to do pre-election polling with statistics? (discrete results)
IRT/Rasch modeling with very large N
p-value of t-test versus F-test(joint hypothesis)
Why does random-looking data give a really good model?
Predicting with GAM, using an offset
Statistical Tests That Incorporate Measurement Uncertainty
Characterizing uncertainty in empirical PMF of unknown discrete random distribution
Distributions whose domain are themshelves a distribution
Bias term in support vector machine
Mathematically modeling neural networks as graphical models
Homogeneity testing of baseline characteristics in medical trials
Which Regression methods are suitable for binary valued features and continuous output?
Help modeling school consent rate changes after an intervention
Mean absolute percentage error (MAPE) in Scikit-learn
Using incomplete regression output to determine the value of the test statistic
Results on continuity corrections
Selecting priors for logistic functions
Fitting mixture distributions and computing goodness-of-fit?
What is the distribution of the ratio of two t-distributed random variables?
Dealing with Dates of Birth in Predictor
Post-hoc for 2x2 mixed design ANOVA using SPSS
Variance of a time series fitted to an ARIMA model
Converting J48 to if-then rules in Weka
How to compare two datasets using metrics drawn from unknown distributions and with small sample sizes?
Two-way anova with interaction term: what is the point of a post-hoc test?
Replace t-test with modified z-test - anyone ever seen this?
Randomization testing in Bayesian spatial scan statistics
Repeated-measures error in R ezANOVA using more levels than subjects (balanced design)
Chi-squared distribution for dice not returning expected values?
Probability of $C_n^k$ elements which contains at least K elements
Effect of corrections for multiple testing on sensitivity and specificity
Ways to find a confidence interval for robust and quantile regressions
Hilbert curves: bounds / probabilities of preserving neighbors
Which model for panel data with dependent variables from [0,1]?
Implementing Logistic Regression in MATLAB
Interpretation of intercept when adjusting for baseline response
Difference in KS,Lift,Concordance in validating logistic regression
Is this regression significant?
Plot of quantity and price in purchases of the same product - Should it be a power-law distribution?
GLM with unequal sample size
projecting future survival rate
Using PCA to merge and grade correlated items
Kolmogorov's paper defining Bayesian sufficiency
How to get the quantiles by simulations?
Reference for R VGLM function
Is it required for panel data to use dummy variables?
Bayesian inference and degrees of freedom
Randomly distributed residuals or not?
Computing values of the Lilliefors c.d.f
Using R for GLM with Gamma distribution
What is the relationship between two points on probability density function?
Should I use a paired or unpaired t-test for this problem?
Survival analysis in SAS-is there a way to include a random effect with interval censored data?
Bootstrapping clusters in R
Evidential reasoning in Gaussian Bayesian Networks
calculating the SE in a dice game
How to test significance of pre-post difference scores on 8 measures (1 group)
Are there guidelines for when to remove survey participants who blindly filled in the bubbles?
Iterated Conditional Mode approximation in E step of EM
Floating point issues when transforming an arbitrary correlation matrix to positive semi-definite
Using LASSO from lars (or glmnet) package in R for variable selection
Dimensionality reduction with locality-sensitive hashing
Function with variable having gaussian distribution
Fisher's method when p-value = 0
Statistical significance of breakpoints from `segmented` in R
With regard to ARMA time series, what exactly is eacf (extended auto-correlation function)?
Is it normal to obtain better (smaller) P values in multivariate analysis compared to bivariate one?
Harmonic or dummy seasonal model
Approaches to Forecasting with Daily Timeseries
Help me understand Bayesian prior and posterior distributions
How can I convert annual standard deviation to a longer period?
Cluster location data with kmeans++
Problem with p-values from A/B testing
Generalization of cumulative probability models for ordinal Y
How to understand effect of RBF SVM
Error with Syntax for GLM with inverse.gaussian family in R
How to test if two samples are distributed from the same Gaussian process
Manipulating Binomial Distribution
Detect bias in subset of Bernoulli processes
Test to identify change in median in a time-series
Incorporating non-collinearity into RANSAC affine transform estimation
Choice of referent twin in twin difference model
Is there a statistical model for modelling variables that are measured in varying amounts and in different time points per individual?
calculating variance of sum of predicted costs from two-part model
Are the sample range and sample variance independent when population is normally distributed?
Sanity check to determine if 'random' data on disk drive may have been tampered with
How to show that $E[(\hat\theta -\theta)^2]<Var(\bar X)=\dfrac{1}{n}$?
Optimal approach to independence check
Nested vs. conditional logit regression
Can time series data have both unit root and structural break?
Interpretation of error term in Moving Average (ARIMA)
Mean squared error definition
Mixed-model ANOVA vs multilevel modelling
How can I convert my dataset into a new dataset which is adjusted for confounding covariates?
Exponential family in testing and estimation
How to accurately track the 75% quantile in a non-stationary timeseries?
Fit poisson regression
Time Series Forecasting with Daily Data: ARIMA with regressor
Luce choice axiom, question about conditional probability
How to measure weight similarity?
ANOVA uncertainty
Ratios in Regression, aka Questions on Kronmal
Structural equation model with very small samples
Change in binomial proportion confidence interval
Starting coefficient vector for GLM
Can the OLS residual variance suggest a polynomial relationship?
Statistical package that works with sql database
Non-integer dependent variable in negative binomial models
Testing whether two groups formed from a continuous variable differ on a binary outcome
Goodness of fit in a GLM with scaled deviance
Regularized logistic regression and support vector machine
EM algorithm for Gaussian mix
Is it a true main effect if it is significant only when interaction is included?
Consideration of type/unit errors relevant in statistics and correlation studies?
Book/chapter/article recommendation for beginners level confirmatory factor analysis?
When to Log/Exp your Variables when performing Linear Regression?
Help with Anova of categorical and continuous variable in R and SPSS output
Removing seasonal and non-seasonal oscillations with least-square method
Estimating $b_1 x_1+b_2 x_2$ instead of $b_1 x_1+b_2 x_2+b_3x_3$
Features selection using F-score for multiclass classification
Partials of PDF with no closed form solution
Fixed effects model and robust standard errors
ANOVA determining percentage of variation
Recommend classification algorithms to try
How to handle Regression data thats not linear
Proof of a PD covariance matrix for conditional Gaussian
Is $R^2$ value valid for insignificant OLS regression model?
How to forecast time series with the help of other training time series in R?
Polynomial regression using scikit-learn
Statistical significance and winner of multivalent test
Using lmer for repeated-measures linear mixed-effect model
How to compare two matrices?
Correlated error term residual in logit regression: what are my options?
GEE (or GLMM) in SPSS: Interpreting outputs and model selection
Compare classifiers based on AUROC or accuracy?
What to do with a variable that loads equally on two factors in a factor analysis?
Unbiased estimate of the semi-partial correlation
How to derive jackknife bias for variance and mean
Is there a good specification error test against a generalized alternative?
Is logistic regression a non-parametric test?
How can statistical tests be categorized?
Brant test in R
Implementations of clustering with asymmetrical distance/similarity matrix
Hold-one-out linear regression : a shortcut?
Which ANOVA is most appropriate?
Can parameter uncertainties be salvaged when the residuals are correlated?
Data mining and time series : algorithm suggestion
What to do when Kolmogorov-Smirnov test is significant for residuals of parametric test but skewness and kurtosis look normal?
Model Building: Missing Data or Large Gap between data points
Using MatchIt to match groups in a retrospective analysis
Borrowing strength
Universal Approximation Theorem — Neural Networks
SVM classifier (with soft-margin) implementation in R, gamma value and quadprog
Mixed-effects model for MZ twin data: avoiding overparametrization
Dummy variable as side constraint in DEA
Why can the margin of SVM be approximated by 1?
Data visualization of average and standard deviation over a small time series
can ordinal variables be used as predictor for linear multiple regression analysis?
ANOVA result indicated that there were sig. differences while Tukey post-hoc test revealed that there were no statistically sig. differences
Standard deviation larger than mean
Ratio of sum of Normal to sum of cubes of Normal
Question about proof for luce choice axiom w.r.t. conditional probability
What do error bounds in forecasting represent?
Seasonal exponential smoothing without trend
Why do we use k-means instead of other algorithms?
Literature on this kind of bias
Use of two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov test to evaluate similarities between two different distributions
Which glm algorithm to use when predictors are numerical as well as categorical?
Similarity between two sets of points as a level of a path overlay
When is it incorrect to compute factor scores by summing (or averaging) raw variable scores?
Computing by hand the optimal threshold value for a biomarker using the Youden Index
What does the residual higher level variance tell me?
Stepwise introduction of predictors to mixed-effects models
How to test a yes/no outcome with different inputs?
Set seed before each code block or once per project?
Estimating repeat shoppers from an incomplete sampling
What does the Semivariance tell me?
Fixed vs Random Effects
Clustering longitudinal (trajectory) data
Estimation of mean, variance and mean squared error of a histogram that poorly models real distribution
Advice needed on auction system simulation
Checking autocorrelation in non-parametric methods
Kmeans: Whether to standardise? Can you use categorical variables? Is Cluster 3.0 suitable?
Different results from SAS PROC MIXED procedure and R lme function
Find exceptional parameters
A question regarding the central limit theorem
Does this histogram of residuals indicate that the residuals are effectively random?
Nonlinear regression: Confidence intervals on transformed or untransformed parameters?
Is the p-value still uniformly distributed when the null hypothesis is composite?
How to compare percentages for two categories from one sample?
Simulate LMM data with specific error values using R
OLS standard error log log regression
What is the difference between a frequentist approach with meta-analysis and a Bayesian approach?
ncvTest from R and interpretation
Cluster or factor analysis?
Is spectral leakage a random variable?
Why is the k-means algorithm minimizing the within cluster variance?
Interpretation of Variance and Covariance
Sample size in BIC
Why and when create a R package?
Correlation not significant because there is not enough variance?
R Forward and backward Selection
How to test group difference between nominal and ratio data with nonparametric tests?
Does the intercept count as a parameter for the n/parameters sample size rule for multiple regression?
How to compute weighted means and SDs?
How to interpret regression coefficients when outcome variable was transformed by Box-Cox
ANOVA with 4 factors, 1 covariate & 500 subjects
Why set weights to 1 in confirmatory factor analysis?
How can I do logistic correction for boosting
Separate specifications for p and n in a binomial GLM
Pre- and post-intervention effect, what to use?
Text Rank Algorithm to find Keywords
Generate predictors with fixed predictive validity in R
Factor analysis -- how to reverse factor loadings?
Two-way ANOVA, what to do next?
How to forecast hourly data in R
AIC, BIC parsimony
High level interpretation of Cramer-Rao bound and Fisher information matrix
Expected peak to trough calculation
When do Post-hoc tests require an adjustment for multiple comparisons
Out-of-sample vs. in-sample interpretation
What coefficient could I use to calculate the relative difficulty of a test in relation to others using only mean and population standard deviation?
Difference between GLM with intercept of subject VS repeated-measures ANOVA? [SAS code]
How are regression, the t-test, and the ANOVA all versions of the general linear model?
Measuring the performance of Logistic Regression
Reporting percentages in preference type survey questions
Error function of noisy input and target variables
Why are drug trials designed with discrete treatment values?
Multiple Linear Regression Simulation
Forecast total for a year given monthly time series
Why it is natural to expect equality of variances?
The difference of two discrete uniform variables taken modulo. Is still uniform?
First steps learning to predict financial timeseries using machine learning
Causal identification and penalized splines
How to incorporate costs (into logit model) of false positive, false negative, true positive, true negative if they are different costs?
How to test for simultaneous equality of choosen coefficients in logit or probit model?
Significance testing for a group of samples
About 2 unit root tests and null hypothesis
Is Jensen's inequality applicable for two variables?
Correct test for correlation between change and baseline measurement
How to build a model where variance depends on covariate?
Generate three random numbers that sum to 1 in R
How to decide whether the distribution is unimodal or bimodal in grain size distribution?
Iterative proportional fitting in R
Rejection regions nested or not?
Random forest assumptions
Specifying a correct full model for an unbalanced repeated measures design in R lme4
Bootstrapping power estimates for a bootstrap test
How does predictive model for the Eurovision Song Contest work?
How to interpret negative factor loadings and residual variances in SEM?
PCA on binary data (0's & 1's) -> what does it mean when a PC is correlated with the nr of 1's per subject?
Can you compare AIC values as long as the models are based on the same dataset?
Subject specific vs population average predictions
Regret in the linear regression setting
Inducing autocorrelation by fitting the wrong ARMA?
Linear Regression with a Dependent Variable that is a Ratio
Reductions of Bayesian experiments: regular conditional experiment
What descriptive statistics are not effect sizes?
What is the proper way of converting ordinal values to numbers?
Chow's test and serially correlated model errors
Measuring spatial overlap in 2 different ways - paired t-test?
Causal models in pymc3
Calculating the std dev of a 30 team league with each team having a 50% chance of winning
How to specify a path model with exogenous variables jointly affected by an unmeasured variable
NMDS and variance explained by vector fitting
Online logistic regression?
Next steps after Bayesian Reasoning and Machine Learning
Dummy variables for time series
How to calculate confidence intervals of $1/\sqrt{x}$-transformed data after running a mixed linear regression in stata?
Meanings of 1 on arrows on Confirmatory Factor Analysis diagram
Does there exist a likelihood based experimental methodology book on undergraduate level for psychology / social science students?
ACF and PACF of AR process with non-zero mean
R: Greenhouse-Geisser in Anova from car package
Statistical tool(s) to correlate perceptions with Likert-type scales
Stats: Relationship between Alpha and Beta
Heckman's two stage: multiple selection models
is there something like Mann-Whitney U test that can control for a continous variable?
How to prove independentness of marginal/conditional (?) posterior distributions?
When to aggregate for time series forecasting?
How to output varimax-rotated data in R?
Predicting the next value
Difference between disease conditions by non-parametric ANOVA
what is the intuition behind stationarity condition for AR(p) process?
Computing $\eta_P^2$ from $\eta_G^2$ generalized eta for G*Power
Do you always measure reliability through the Cronbach's alpha coefficient? Or is there another way? (multiple linear regression)
Procrustes Analysis of 3d point cloud without defined landmarks
testing correlated data from 1:1 line
How should I color scheme a heat map based off data below?
Repeated measures within factors settings for G*Power power calculation
Applying Bayes: Estimating a bimodal distribution
Population standard deviation for a binomial(?) distribution?
How to standardise cases within groups to perform ranking across groups and over time?
Why isn't the Dantzig selector popular in applied statistics?
How to rank order performance of four systems using aggregates of pairwise assessments of system performance?
Selecting cases for analysis based on multiply imputed values
How to test for normality of growth disturbances in chemo treatment?
How to interpret the output of the summary method for an lm object in R?
Can I use a regression model with ANOVA significance greater than 0.05?
Are the sequential sum of squares appropriate when treatments must be applied in sequence?
Differences and relation between retrospective power analysis and a posteriori power analysis?
What is the proper name for a backward forecast?
Can machine learning methods be somehow helpful in solving differential equations?
Experimental design for complex temporal pair interaction data
Difference between estimated and fitted?
What machine learning techniques can, once trained, generate prediction despite some missing inputs?
Addressing multicollinearity with key driver analysis
Determine sample size without knowing standard deviation
Importance sampling of finite path of stochastic difference equation
How to interpret the model parameters of libsvm via MATLAB interface?
ARIMA and external regressors in SAS and R
Detecting variants of unknown significance
Best practices for dealing with shifting, inconsistent seasonality
Does false discovery rate estimate some population quantity?
Variable selection / Dataset reduction for large datasets (in R)
R module for creating plots of prototypical individuals from fitted models?
How many measurements should be done?
Block bootstrap for dependent data with unequal sampling intervals?
First difference or log first difference?
Breakpoint for bivariate data
How to compare two regression slopes for one predictor on two different outcomes?
How to compute expectation for poisson distributed variable in context of binomial?
Items from two constructs load on one factor in factor analysis
What does the Scale parameter mean in linear regression?
Why will a statistic be significant with sufficiently large samples unless the population effect is exactly zero?
Comparing two data sets for similarity with variable data quality
What are guidelines for SmartPLS boostrapping case size?
Relation between the phi, Matthews and Pearson correlation coefficients?
Is the restricted Boltzmann machine a type of graphical model (Bayesian network)?
Calculate the tendency of a set of samples
Why R function Chol() breaks for Hilbert matrices of order n > 12
Multivariate linear mixed model in R
Why are my prediction intervals a little too narrow?
Fisher's method for combing p-values - what about the lower tail?
Having a conjugate prior: Deep property or mathematical accident?
Repeated measures ANOVA in R for non-orthogonal design
Confounder - definition
how to analyze necessary/sufficient relationship?
How to test whether mean and variance is the same in two small samples?
How do I best estimate population parameters from multiple sets of summary statistics on one sample?
Kernel density estimator that doesn't collapse in the tails
Should you ever standardise binary variables?
How do I identify which parameters are correlated to binary output?
Implications of lower-bounded total variation distance on hypothesis testing
Relation between observed power and p-value?
Interpolation of influenza data that conserves weekly mean
different results using R or Libre Office calc
Regression model for periodic data
Idea of the Nyblom-Hansen test?
Durbin-Watson test for first order autocorrelation when interaction effects are present
Ordinary Least Squares method: why are my regression results insignificant?
Comparing results for computer and pen and paper writing
In a mixed two-way ANOVA, why does a Groups x Intervals interaction decompose under SSwithin and not SSbetween?
Diagnostic plot for assessing homogeneity of variance-covariance matrices
Finding conditions on unspecified CDF that permit a solution to an equation
Do transformations prevent standardised coefficients from being comparable?
Finding the probability of given model
Insignificant block effect in two-way block design
Product of two independent random variables
Select best set of binary variables for clustering known sample labels
Zero-mean correlation
Probability over $50$-day ranges to predict results on one day
How does adding a lives mechanic change average picks?
When data has a gaussian distribution, how many samples will characterise it?
hyperspherical nature of K means (and other squared error clustering method)
Can Neyman-Pearson lemma apply to the case when simple null and alternative don't belong to the same family of distributions?
The weight updating in adaboost
Which is the best accuracy measuring criteria among rmse, mae & mape?
Why Normalization (Standardization) values should be smaller than $1$?
Estimating values of a sequence from observed differences
Ways of choosing test statistics: likelihood-based or not?
Nonlinear PCA‏ ( R package homals)
Finding the distribution when the observations are dependent
neuralnet error
Repeated Measures in R, SAS or SPSS: Whale Body Temperature Data
Likelihood ratio test for a random variable following the Gamma Distribution
Correction term in variance of mixture
F test for equality of variances
Confidence error bars and central point: Should we emphasize the median?
Can we use random forest for classification in combination with distance matrix between classes?
Transformation of binary data
Cross validation with first and second order effects
Can the EM algorithm be applied to my problem? Input data set is based on a function of parameter
Including (and interpreting!) random intercepts and/or slopes in linear mixed models
Are there applications for differential equations in statistics?
Estimating the covariance of the means from two samples?
Putting a prior on the concentration parameter in a Dirichlet process
Why do R function `eigen()' and Armadillo's `eig_sym()` give different results
Which variables are driving correlations within groups
Standard errors of regression coefficients based on sample size
OK to use residual sum of squares for cross-validation of binary outcome?
Is the exponential distribution a good model for this data?
Is there a general definition of the effect size?
Why do I get same results for OLS and GLS in R?
Overfitting when using corrected AIC for model selection
How to construct a 95% Confidence Ellipse in R
Independent, Dependent Variables, Nonlinear
Finding Abnormally Low Ticket Prices
Dummy coding for contrasts: 0,1 vs. 1,-1
Simulating multiple linear regression
What do endogeneity and exogeneity mean substantively?
Simple mean reversion measure for binary time series
How do I analyse a two-alternative forced choice test?
Marginal effect clogit not significant
Confusion about P-values
Why does latent variable modelling in regression tend to push R Squared up?
Does it make sense to minimize negative log likelihood on SVC probability outputs
How can I visualise a distribution that is univariate normal but bivariate non-normal?
How to adjust the shape of a gamma distribution
How to compare Likert scale items before and after an intervention?
Categorical value stuck during sampling of my model
Test accuracy higher than training. How to interpret?
Independence of samples
How to choose the test statistic for permutation test?
What does it mean to correlate residuals in SEM?
What is the difference between the F-test and the Wald / Likelihood Ratio / Score tests of linear models?
Sorting/Clustering similarity matrices
Value at $D_\max$ from Kolmogorov-Smirnov test in R
Decision trees partitioning predictors?
Mallows distance hypothesis test: p-value =?
Categorical vs Continuous Variable
Regular conditional Bayesian experiment
Bootstrapping to find confidence intervals. Very small sample size
R package nnet - neural network question
multiple regression and multiple comparisons
Parameters estimation of ODE system
Generating a log-normally distributed pseudorandomly generated data set
Why is controlling FDR less stringent than controlling FWER?
How can one perform a two-group binomial power analysis without using normal approximations?
What are typical values to use for alpha and beta in Latent Dirichlet Allocation?
Clustering with shape prior
Visualising relationship data
Autocorrelation and partial autocorrelation interpretation
Which statistical method should I use?
What is the meaning of McFaddens Axiom: Irrelevance of Alternative Set Effect?
Shapiro test on replicated values
Requirements for evaluation function in evolutionary algorithms
Visualization and navigation through a Pareto front
The way an MA(q) model works
Testing Spearman's rho between-groups
Sample size with respect to prediction in classification and regression
Outline of benefits/costs of using Bayesian rather than Frequentist OLS and time-series?
How to interpret TraMineRs results of disstreedisplay and seqtreedisplay?
Statistical tests when each variable in a sample is a percentage
Distribution of p-values from multiple experiments
Multiple regression with dummy variables
Can Agresti-Coull binomial confidence intervals be negative?
Selection of lme models using AIC & appropriate random effects & variance structure
Assessing Significance in Neural Networks
How to plot a differential word cloud in R?
Use Random Forest model to make predictions from sensor data
How to fit a model with lagged variables
Understanding bootstrap method for confidence interval of correlation coefficients
Change point analysis
Interpretation of a Durbin-Watson test?
How do you explain 'co-integration' to determine spurious regression to a fairly new time series student?
Alternatives to the Baron-Kenny approach to modeling mediation
comparing AIC (or BIC or whatever) between different SETS of models
Test whether variables follow the same distribution
Dummy variables in multiple regression, why use an intercept?
Need cube (square) plot for 2 factors factorial design in R
Linear regression explanations
Regression for a model of form $y=ax^k$?
Linear relationship between explanatory variables in multiple regression
Quadratic weighted kappa versus linear weighted kappa
Methods for imputation of missing values with spatially autocorrelated data
Test on the properties of two betas?
prequential evaluation - classification
Clustering Road Networks at various Radii
GRM or mixed effect models
Which is the better method to do forecast..1-step or h-step ahead?
How find a distribution for a set of data?
SVM with quadratic loss
How can I generate events using the Poisson distribution in R?
Necessary amount of countries in the model for 1 macro level predictor?
Which bootstrapped regression model should I choose?
Dickey-Fuller augmented tests: how to choose lags?
Standard error of the median
PLA vs Regression
Given samples from multiple normal RVs, how do we recover the histogram of their means?
Can I probe cross-level interactions without random slope in a hierarchical linear model?
Meaning of significance test
How would you explain logit coefficients to someone with no statistical background
Dirichlet process vs. Pitman-Yor and power-law - how do they relate?
Standardized dependent variable within a group in panel data models?
Nested test to remedy pseudoreplication
What is the best way of presenting a correlation? (in R)
When analyzing a difference for log-transformed data, when to take the log?
How to interpret coefficient in log-log regression?
Testing two trendlines for statistical significance
Analysing Several Existing Data Sets
Is there an R package for nonlinear mixed effects model with spatial autocorrelation?
Logistic model, what is more important: Anova Chi-sq test or significance of coefficients
Is it appropriate to use SE in place of SD in rnorm()?
Stata - Help for switchr command
priors for strictly positive index or score types of variables
Benchmark data for Random Forest evaluation
Python module for change point analysis
How to get a Standard Error for a Poisson Variable with Exposure?
Probability of reaching a threshold after several trials
Pearson's r over time
Relation between omnibus test and multiple comparison?
Mixed/hierarchical/multilevel model for n-of-1/single-subject design: incorporating baseline data?
need derivation of join-count variance (spatial autocorrelation stat), know where it is?
Confusion on a Statistical Statement
Non-linear regression, plot mean, SE in R
ordered probit regression with only categorical variables
When to average samples in order to avoid pseudoreplication?
How can invariances be taken advantage of when selecting a kernel?
Algorithm to detect if a particular event (date) has an impact on a time series
Problem with the formulation of a gaussian copula likelihood function
How to define fit robustness?
ARIMAX and xreg variables
Proving stationarity with difference equations
Questions about large-scale multiple testing
Probability of a subsequence occurring simultaneously in two longer sequences
How to model month to month effects in daily time series data?
Is there an interactive notebook tool for R as iPython Notebook?
Help understanding regression models with dlm in R
Uncertainty from Box–Cox estimation
Using AUC to compare logistic lasso and elastic net
A contrast suggested by the data
bias of peeking at AB test data and adjusting minimum detectable effect
Questions on linear regression
Trying to understand formula for the Survival Function (survival analysis)
Is Tukey's Predicted Least Squares an actual test?
How can I calculate the relative probability of each move resulting in a win, given historic win/loss data for the possible moves?
Measuring the effect of sample size on classification
Time series forecasting using particle filter
Confusion related to dual problem formulation in sparse inverse covariance matrix estimation
Consistent estimator with var=0
What do single-step and multi-step mean in post-hoc testing of ANOVAs?
New method for meta-analysis to determine agreement between multiple sources
Building temporal correlation model by a dataset and calibrating the model with other dataset
How to find the level curves of a multivariate normal?
Properties of bivariate standard normal and implied conditional probability in the Roy model
How can I compute covariances between parameters in WinBUGS?
Issues with estimating the sparse inverse covariance matrix with Glasso
Cronbach's Alpha on true and false
Understanding F-test to compare variances (R's var.test)
Discrete Time Survival Analysis - Correct Way to Write Survival Function
Trying to understand an example where unbiased estimators don't exist
Constrained mean variance optimization
Computing p-values
Some help on genome analysis
Best way to estimate mean of RV from independent samples
How should I code these two variables?
Confidence interval for difference between proportions
Wald test for logistic regression
Why are 5+ expected frequencies needed in Pearson's chi-square
Maximum likelihood estimate for a parameter $a$
Linear regression intercept proofs
How to model the distribution of a word game in order to find correlation between demographics and chosen words
Gauss-Markov assumptions
Basic time series model question
Joint distributions for uncorrelated varibles
Several logistic regressions vs multinomial regression
Confusion related to a derivation in a paper related to gaussian
How to filter these extremely bad data points?
Linear regression parameters question
Role of coefficients in model selection for logistic regression
Penalized methods for categorical data: combining levels in a factor
The meaning of translation completeness w.r.t a random variable
How to model sum of two values in JAGS?
How to write the error term in repeated measures ANOVA in R
Logistic regression model manipulation
How to do statistical inference based on randomly sampled discovery/replication sample?
Multiple imputation for variables used to calculate regression weights
How to determine the Forecast Interval beyond the next period.
Emulate correlation in loss data during aggregation
Importance of the normality assumption in linear statistical models
P-values from non-normal distribution
Does permutaton test change the null hypothesis of the original test?
Importance of estimating $\sigma^2$ in linear Statistical model
Testing independence hypothesis in logistic regression
Independence in Linear Regression
How to fit a simple count time series INAR(1) model in R
Should I categorise my continuous variable for use in binary logistic regression
What's the difference between deep learning and multilevel/hierarchical modeling?
Proportion data: - beta regression or logit transformed OLS regression?
Why are time-related covariates log transformed in modelling?
What's wrong with Johnson SU fit using moment=find (SuppDists)
How to get the confidence interval around the variable importance generated by randomForest?
The probability density function of a rescaled / transformed chi-squared random variable
Random forest with a mix of categorical and lexical features
Analyzing presence/absence data for art history
How to use 1.7159 * tanh(2/3 * x) as activation function?
Choosing an appropriate part of an unreliable dataset
Why don't we square the reliability correlation when calculating reliable variance?
Robust MCMC estimator of marginal likelihood?
Deriving a confidence relationship?
Purpose of Scheffé's confidence intervals
Predicting the year computers will be able to do 1 exaFLOPS using historical data (time series forcasting using prediction interval)
Guessing data from statistics
Identifying a minimum time on web page as proxy for successful search outcome
Testing Classification on Oversampled Imbalance Data
Coupling and Total variational distance
Exercise 4.2 of Jaynes Probability theory
Variance of an ARIMA forecast
Filtering random guessers from daily surveys
What is the reasoning behind the formulae for the different standard errors of measurement?
F-test in Regression and Crossvalidation
How to manage correlation coefficients (Spearman, Kendall) with lists of different dimensions?
Choosing the right size of an out of sample data
How to check for a relationship between water bacterial levels
Why t-stat is normally reported but not p-value?
SAS and T-Tests - Degrees of Freedom
Can I create a composite scale with Likert and non-Likert scale data?
Fallacy in p-value definition
Another p-value fallacy
Insignificant VAR coefficients
How can there be a standard deviation of true scores?
Duration weighted Optimal Matching Algorithm using R
How accurate is IQR for detecting outliers
Intuition for cumulative hazard function (survival analysis)
Confidence Interval for the Population
Penalty value in changepoint analysis
Testing binary data
Questions on Definitions and Notation (MSE, SSE, Sxx)
Calculate the tendency of a set of samples
Nonparametric or robust alternative to factorial repeated measures design
Statistical Design for Categorical Data Analysis with Selection on DV
Markov chain getting stuck due to insufficient data samples
Standard deviation of binned observations
Markov chain getting stuck due to insufficient data samples
Categorizing transportation modes with k-nearest neighbor?
Random forest - binary classification vs. regression?
Efficacy of an intervention
Nonparametric repeated measures: all versus control test
Finding the normal divisor of a random variable
Quantifying homogeneity
q-value and p-value
Which number is of value in linear regression: R Squared or P?
MLE: Two parameter or three parameter Weibull?
Showing that $s^2$ is an unbiased estimator of $\sigma^2$
How do you compare two Gaussian Processes?
Proof: Linear Regression
Fitting missing points to a dataset
Data mining, domain knowledge and visualization
Kernel density estimation (KDE)
Question about squares of the coefficients of variation
How to use reservoir states for readout and training?
Information gain in random trees
Time series: one I(1) and one I(0) variable, should I use VAR/VEC, test for cointegration?
Test error correlation with label frequency
Include a distance matrix as a random effect in a mixed-effects model
Why does increasing the number of bootstrapped cases make PLS coefficients significant?
Implications and interpretation of conditional independence assumption
Adaboosted trees and q-learning
Comparing levels of factors after a GLM in R
Log-linear transformation
Superposition of two dependent Poisson processes
Using regression for pairwise choice
Choice between Type-I, Type-II, or Type-III ANOVA
Evaluating parametric vs non-parametric methods
How to approximately solve system of linear equations that has no solutions
Reverse coded items factor analysis: all load onto one factor
Need help to choose the right statistical test for difference among 4 types
Looking for simple examples of how to calculate type III and type IV SS
How to code separate data for a regression parameter in nonlinear regression?
Fast multivariate unimodal density estimator
Asymptotic normality and normalization wrt variance
Measuring parameter sensitivity and variability (standard-error) in k-fold cross-validation
Detrended Correspondence Analysis - site ordination with species vectors
Variance in a known population
Behavior of $R^2$ in non-linear models
Confusion related to conditional Gaussian distribution
Is it invalid to use a single sample to estimate more than one proportion?
Normality of dependent variable = normality of residuals?
Variance of product of k correlated random variables
What is the best criterion for performance evaluation in classification algorithms?
What is the meaning of using a compound variable in PCA
Where to find data on the use of statistical methods in Psychology?
Forecasting a time series based on a collection of other time series
Applying ARIMA in R
How to train SVM correctly on a 1D dataset
Mboxcox, interpreting difficult regressions
Regressing coffee beans in US to coffee beans in EU
Structural equations: how to specify interaction effects in R lavaan package
Are t test and one-way ANOVA both Wald tests?
Using weights on dummy variables in R
What's the problem with model identifiability?
Confidence intervals for glmer() from lme4
Similarity between objects based on tags (binary features)
Dependent variables in regression
How to compare 2 classifiers after testing trained model in Weka?
Mode estimation in high dimensions
Replicate ANOVA with linear mixed model in SPSS
Affinity analysis dealing with power law distribution
Code binary categorical (participates: yes/no) as a continuous variable (proportion of cells within participating country) in linear regression model?
Collinearity diagnostics problematic only when the interaction term is included
Type of a variable built by binning some numeric variable
Why is the formula for standard error the way it is?
Rao-Blackwellising state space for a (marginalised) particle filter
Variables with different significance levels in linear model (model interpretation)
Choice of path weights in SEM conceptual model using openMx
Which statistical test to use with multiple response variables and continuous predictors?
Machine Learning - What to Use as the Correct Answer for training purposes
How to find a good fit for semi-sinusoidal model in R?
Bayesian belief network for finding combinatory effects of multiple environmental variables on allele frequency
Does the central limit theorem hold for the prediction error over different samples?
Weibull distribution parameters $k$ and $c$ for wind speed data
Data processing before applying SVM
Confidence Interval for squared term evaluated at the mean in Stata
Shares on total as dependent variable
is this interpretation of the p-value legit?
GBDT and model building: How am I overfitting?
Neural network training - Features/variables have missing value
A repeated-measures LMM... Am I understanding this correctly?
VAR with dummies, how to analyze dummy effect?
AUC for more than two groups?
calculating ANOVA 'by hand'
R caret package question
finding $E[X\;|\; Y]$ that $Y=|X|$ in $N(0,1)$
Detecting and extracting end points of signal in larger signal
Method to remove bad values in time series (bad values known to take on a particular value)
Visualizing an interaction effect of a Logistic Regression Analysis (in SPSS)
Should my test set be balanced or imbalanced?
What does chi mean and come from in chi-squared distribution?
Transforming an estimator to overestimate
Finding similar items based on user likes and dislikes
Wald test and F distribution
Sharing a model trained on confidential data
Rationale behind using ANOVA to compare means
Determining the dominant color in an image
Classification of signals, and Wavelet Transform based denoising
Expected value from a regression table
Test independence between quantitative and categorical predictors for logistic regression
Two level full factorial design question
How should I set the lag truncation parameter for a KPSS unit root test?
Multivariate EWMA
How to calculate Kullback-Leibler divergence/distance?
Understanding the two-stage choice paradigm
Why is a sample covariance matrix singular when sample size is less than number of variables?
Appropriate use of z test comparing two proportions
On the distribution of exam scores and the use of t-tests
Pros and cons of controlling for age when examining effect of cognition on driving performance
generalized linear models, explanatory variables completely determine response
Cross-validation with multiple validation samples
How to analyse a risk assessment questionnaire where each risk is rated for both probability and impact?
Measuring Similarity of two Transient Signals
Difference between binomial, negative binomial and Poisson regression
Correctness of regression with ARIMA errors model and coefficient interpretation issues
Dynamic Time Warping - Why do we need the lowest cost path
How to test difference between two items rated on a Likert scale by same participants?
How to write the derivative of Expected Shortfall
What are the implications of a perfect fit model?
AR(1) parameter estimation
The difference between discrete and continuous variables
Comparison of dependent but unpaired data sets
Accept null hypothesis or fail to reject the null hypothesis?
How would Facebook measure an AB test whose experimental condition affects the control and experimental groups?
Testing significant differences between regressions in R
How to track term prevalence on the web over time?
Is binning data valid prior to Pearson correlation?
Outliers in importance sampling
KL divergence between two multivariate Gaussians
Regression with non-normally distributed residuals
Is a post-hoc test supposed to be performed on transformed or original data?
how to rank items measured with a likert scale?
Is there a principled approach to dimensionality reduction?
Not all Features Selected by GLMNET Considered Signficant by GLM (Logistic Regression)
How to use standard normal distribution tables?
Choosing a distribution in the presence of multiplicative observation errors
Fitting data to the Poisson
Why is the probability zero for any given value of a normal distribution?
Approach to solving for the probability that a photo contains an object based on tags
hypothetical measure of variability similar to entropy
Time series anomalies
Degrees of freedom ANOVA table for regression
Interpreting the changing significance of a variable in a Logistic Regression
Bias of maximum likelihood estimators for logistic regression
Validity of normality assumption in the case of multiple independent data sets with small sample size
Monte Carlo Kalman Filter vs Unscented Kalman Filter
Continuous Kolmogorov-Smirnov test?
Different implementations of Kolmogorov-Smirnov test and ties
caret rfe variable selection and test prediction
Null hypothesis of equivalence
zero inflated binomial data
How do Bayesians compare distributions?
Statistically comparing two different cache hit algorithms
Multivariate Gaussian with 3 Partitions
Time Series estimation on specific lags on MA part
MDS and PCA eigenvalues and eigenvectors
Expression for Sum of Multivariate Gaussian Random Vectors
Cell chi square test
How to test for significant difference between 2 binary variables in one sample
How to display error bars for cross-over (paired) experiments
Probability that a random number will be the largest from sets
How to use extracted data from factor analysis in subsequent 2x2 factorial design?
Is repeated measures ANOVA the right test?
What are the assumptions of negative binomial regression?
Interpreting multivariate tests in repeated measures
How to create a ratio from different measures?
Clustered standard errors vs. multilevel modeling?
Showing that an apparent continuous variable is actually a 2-level categorical variable
R Time Series Issues
Dynamic factor analysis vs state space model
Why do (a lot) fewer than 95% of my confidence intervals intersect the true parameter value in this simulation?
What does principled mean, as in principled Bayesian analysis?
Classification of Huge number of classes
PCA of cointegrated variables
Significance of categorical predictor in logistic regression
Data analysis using matched design - SPSS help
Explain probability measure and probability distribution
Is a p-value of 0.04993 enough to reject null hypothesis?
how can I calculate $cov(T_1,T_2)$
How to test a curvilinear relationship in a logistic regression
What does a MANOVA tell me about my data?
Comparison of two classifiers based on precision/recall/F1 only?
Estimating number of data points in specific range from percentile data
Correcting for multiple 2-way anova testing
Combining confidence intervals
Co-occurrence of properties in a population
Has anyone studied the properties of the following method of estimation?
What is the best way to visualize relationship between discrete and continuous variables?
Choice of a non-parametric method
How to algorithmically find plausible covariates at which to plot predicted responses?
How to split r-squared between predictor variables in multiple regression?
Validity of grand mean intra-rater Kappa or ICC
How to compute the correlation coefficient between continuous and discrete variables ?
Prediction evaluation metric for panel/longitudinal data
when can the Kalman filter return strange values?
Standard error of the quotient of two estimates (Wald estimators) using the delta method
6-sided die roll average value
How to calculate the log likelihood in HMM from the output of the forward algorithm in R?
Comparing two groups
What would be a suitable way to present a prevalence rate?
Are degrees of freedom $n-1$ for both the sample standard deviation of the individual observations and for the standard error of the sample mean?
Analysis of Similarities (ANOSIM) versus Kruskal-Wallis
How to test a histogram against a specific distribution?
Somers' D (contingency table) in R
The dangers of stepwise variable selection in regression
Crises: ANOVA? Or: how to analyse non-normal, non-Homogeneity data with different group sizes?
Classification in time series: SVMs, Neural Networks, Random Forests or non parametric models
What is the difference between the variance of an individual forecast and the variance of a mean forecast?
Newey-West t-stats and critical values
How to select next item in polytomous CAT / MIRT?
How to perform T-Test in R including hypothesis
Violated assumptions for regression
Measuring the quality of an opinion mining algorithm
Least squares robust to outliers
Coefficients paths – comparison of ridge, lasso and elastic net regression
What is the optimal ratio of sample size to the number of parameters in a multiple regression?
Logistic regression: Fisher's scoring iterations do not match the selected iterations in glm
What type of study is this?
What is the difference between the values in the 'fit' attribute of a gbm object and values computed by gbm.predict?
Comparison of waiting times to geometric distribution
Non-parametric test for comparing four treatments and three times
Convergence rate of a non-linear function of the sample mean
Retrieving standard deviations from OLS estimates
Fit a sinusoidal term to data
Clustering spatio-temporal data?
In math/stats terminology, $1/p$ is the reciprocal of $p$. So what is $1-p$ called, if anything?
Natural log of annual income
Inverting a hypothesis test: nitpicky detail
Correlation of Fixed Effects in lmer
What is a posterior median?
Loss for Kernel Ridge Regression
Can longitudinal and cross-sectional studies be controlled?
Can p-values for Pearson's correlation test be computed just from correlation coefficient and sample size?
Treatment effect Analysis: What is Stratification and explanation/interpretation?
Naive Bayes on continuous variables
Libsvm one-class svm: how to consider all data to be in-class
How to calculate validity of questionnaire in SPSS?
Including seasonality in regression
Proof of continuity correction for normal approximation to binomial distribution?
Control variable in regression
Are studies in epidemiology all observational?
Why can we assume $\pi = 0.5$ in sign test?
Should I use Bayes' formula to generate simple data about business competition and the market place?
What test is this for endogenous variables?
R: How to interpret the QQplot's outlier numbers?
Regression model F test on different response variables?
How to test the accuracy of a predictive model?
Estimating a distribution from above/below observations
ISC exam - cheating or not
Ornstein-Uhlenbeck vs. Random Normal?
Having trouble understanding cross-validation results from scikit-learn
Econometrics: Sargan test
How can I calculate $\int^{\infty}_{-\infty}\Phi\left(\frac{w-a}{b}\right)\phi(w)\,\mathrm dw$
Cosine similarity on sparse matrix
Multiple testing correction for chi squared residuals
Cross-sectional analysis using longtitudinal data, what is the best method?
How to split a data set to do 10-fold cross validation
Variance of marginal posterior distribution
Covariance Matrices
Estimation of simultaneous equations model
Expectation maximization on Bayesian networks with latent variables
KNN imputation R packages
Simple linear regression on constrained variables
Multivariate response regressions vs many linear models
Test Cox proportional hazard assumption (Bad Schoenfeld residuals)
Using non-significant data for modelling/predictions
Multinomial logistic regression and marginal effects
Comparing group of people/countries on multiple binary variables
Modelling uncertainty with probability distributions
How to do 4-parametric regression for ELISA data in R
Merge categories or drop one?
transformed data- effect sizes
A stopping rule for permutation test
nlme regression & curve comparison in R. ANOVA p-value
Finding latent variables in 7 dichotomous variables
Team diversity measure as time invariant predictor of latent growth curve
(interacting) MCMC for multimodal posterior
Linear regression coefficient limitation
Bioinformatical problem - specific word enrichment in a given sequence
Interaction Test with Odds Ratio
Difference between a SVM and a perceptron
Iterating through rows and filtering data in R
clustered standard errors for first difference regressions
Calculating card deck shuffling odds
Why is k called representer of evaluation in the definition of kernel functions
How to correctly interpret group differences with this PCA plot?
Transforming variables for multiple regression in R
Propensity score matching with panel data
Confusion about hidden Markov model
Correct equation for weighted unbiased sample covariance
CHAID vs CRT (or CART)
What does fiducial mean (in the context of statistics)?
Verifying the assumptions of the paired t-test
What statistical test should I use?
Sampling distribution of regression coefficients
Statistics wording question
Which test to use to compare vitamin D levels
Population and sample with very different means: why is that so?
Theoretical upper bounds of classification accuracy?
Can the items measure one underlying construct?
Number of dependent variables greater than # IV's in multivariate hypothesis test
Multiple t-tests vs. one-way ANOVA
Why is dependence a problem?
68% Confidence level in multinormal distributions
What are the assumptions for repeated-measures MANCOVA?
Classifier for biased dataset
Binary choice models and index function
$t$-tests vs $z$-tests?
Using distractor.analysis of R CTT library on items with missing responses
Calculating demand and testing the effect of days of the week
Estimating the population variance
Interrupted time series control group
Fisher for dummies?
How do I validate my multiple linear regression model?
Validity of reporting correlation with N = 4
tbats and bats giving errors
Is a pretest-posttest ANOVA with quartiles of pretest efficacy as an IV reasonable?
Is it possible to have an estimator that is unbiased and bounded?
Prepare a sampling plan using probability sampling techniques
Inverse probability weighted estimation of censored longitudinal data in R?
Estimation of covariance and mixing parameter by a bivariate normal-lognormal model
libsvm data format
Comparing AIC of a model and its log-transformed version
Logistic regression, sum confidence interval
Method for calculating percentiles for a set of time series
Analyze a football match: similar players with DBSCAN and similar trajectories with TRACLUS
How to interpret this correspondence analysis plot with individuals as nominal variable?
What kind of model is this and how do you estimate its parameters?
IQ adaptive test items in 1pl, 2pl or 3pl IRT model?
How to calculate the confidence intervals for likelihood ratios from a 2x2 table in the presence of cells with zeroes
How to combine multiple similarity measures?
How do you measure the likelihood of having a run?
Suggestion for statistical analysis. Is generalized estimating equation (GEE) a good option?
Why is a 'Markov Random Field' a field?
Question about a marginal distribution
How should I evaluate the value of a correlation coefficient?
Why does factor analysis fail when the number of cases is less than the number of variables?
Why do Minitab and SPSS give opposite results in Ordinal Logistic Regression?
What does bandwidth mean?
Linear Equation System with Random Coefficients
How to model population growth?
Interpretation AFT, Cox PH and discrete-time hazard model
Is there unsupervised regression?
Estimating the probability of next failure?
Statistical test for a significant change in time series (sales) trend after policy change
Given a 95% confidence level, how do I demonstrate 95% of the intervals actually contain the population mean?
Random forest and prediction
Smart way to search through a very large parameter space
Power analysis for minimum sample size for 6 continuous predictors and 1 dichotomous criterion
Point estimator
What is the correct process of finding the point estimators for the following situation?
Regression for foreign aid effectiveness
Testing change in variance over 5 time points and regression to the mean
Mean survival time for a Gamma survival function
Energy function of RBM
Are latent variable models modelling causality?
Correlation in space (influence of building function on number of people passing through some point)
Help with understanding inferential concept
Fit Linear Model Using Generalized Least Squares with Unknown Covariance Matrix
Weibull MLE: what is the method/algorithm used to perform the optimization?
Generalization of Chernoff bound to Bernoulli schemes
Error propagation with linear regression
When building a regression model using separate modeling/validation sets, is it appropriate to recirculate the validation data?
Nearest neighbor methods
Generate covariance matrix with fixed values in certain cells
Interpretation in log linear regressions with coefficients bigger than 1
Comparing two sets of time-series (physiological measures)
Test of Difference between 2 Sets of Pearson Correlations
Finding correlations between aggregated and non aggregated data
Is PCA the same as CCA for the same random vector?
Classes of asymptotically normal statistics
Mathematical formulation of correspondence analysis?
Weighted least squares regression on random data, giving large t-statistics more often than expected
Comparing weighted and non-weighted anthropometric and categorical data
GAM log link does not work without starting values
Most appropriate tests for online advertising significance data
Probability of period without event
Which similarity coefficient should I use with Ward linkage?
Why the $R^2$, AIC and BIC criteria give different best model for models of equal complexity?
Nonsignificant interaction still causes main effect to flip?
Empirical Likelihood estimation in R
How do I write a mathematical equation for ARIMA (0,2,1) x (0,0,1) period 12
Is it reasonable to compare a regression model with machine learing algorithms using RMSE?
Skewed data for regression analysis
Cut-off point in a ROC curve. Is there a simple function?
FDR extension to the Time Series domain?
SEM or path analysis: Latent vars with individual items as indicators, or composite scores as observed vars?
Understanding the effect of a continuous random factor in a mixed effects model
Using R for an artificial neural network (ANN)? Or other frameworks?
Using text mining/natural language processing tools for econometrics
Number of folds for K-fold
Help me fit this non-linear multiple regression that has defied all previous efforts
Random forest algorithm
How do I create utility scores from an unequal number of inputs
How many observations per subject are necessary to fit a random slope in a mixed model?
Measuring multiple samples from a specific point vs multiple samples each from a random point
Interpret significant interaction but no main effect in repeated measures ANOVA
Standard deviation of a coin flip bet
Statistical workload estimation
Points to keep in mind while implementing a nonparametric bayesian inference procedure from scratch
Mapping data points to a circle
Reversed null hypothesis of econometric unbiasedness
Geometric v. arithmetic mean
Boltzmann machines and the asymmetry between 0 and 1
Strange outcome when performing nonlinear least squares fit to a power law
What kind of attribute selection methods exist for high-dimensional regression data?
Higher order tensors in Statistics
Forming an unbiased estimator of the maximum of several parameters, given independent estimators of each parameter?
Tail bounds on Euclidean norm for uniform distribution on $\{-n,-(n-1),...,n-1,n\}^d$
T-test shows no differences, but the experiment group shows tendency more benefit in all variables measured than control group
Relationship between variance and sample size
By using SMOTE the classification of the validation set is bad
The Fisher information matrix
I log transformed my dependent variable, can I use GLM normal distribution with LOG link function?
How to compare differences between groups, when measured values have decreasing trend
A non-statistician reference for confidence-interval Vs credibility-interval interpretation
Are these possible LeveneTest results?
Population genetics: analysis of allele frequency distribution along environmental gradients
What is the relation of the significance level alpha to the type 1 error alpha?
Statistical significance between groups of a summation variable
Can LDA assign more than one topic for a word?
Extended Cox-model with ancillary variable
Looking for a regression model or other statistics models for competitions
Given the below dependent variable description, should I chose either Ordered or Multinomial logistic regressions?
Understanding and interpreting consistency of OLS
Two normal distributions
T-test vs. one-way ANOVA
Regression model where errors are not normally distributed
Finding a probability mass function for $[x]$ is defined as the largest integer $n$ such that $n \leq x$
Use GLM weights to regularize noise
Handling zero scores in weighted product model?
Error Message in lme() :Error in MEEM(object, conLin, control$niterEM) : Singularity in backsolve at level 0, block 1
Cluster standard error _versus_ fixed effects
How to estimate the parameter of this time series?
t-test to compare two means
What would be the logical inverse of a hypothesis test? (If any)
Generating Vectors under Constraints on 1 and 2 norm
Bayesian network inference using pymc (Beginner's confusion)
Moment generating function of multinomial distribution
Any implementations of fully recurrent neural networks applied to reinforcement learning?
Is it possible to specify baseline hazard in coxph?
Warning for Minibatch Sparse PCA
longitudinal models for prevalence
Similarity Coefficients for binary data: Why choose Jaccard over Russell and Rao?
Fitting a zero-inflated negative binomial regression with R
Choosing a statistical test based on the outcome of another (e.g. normality)
Cholesky versus eigendecomposition for drawing samples from a multivariate normal distribution
What value is conditional logistic regression if two cohorts are already matched on everything of interest?
Mean or median as the measure of central tendency for data spanning three orders of magnitude
How to choose initial values for nonlinear least squares fit
Prediction errors for Adaboost
Simple and paired t-tests and the control for multiple comparisons
Conditions for the existence of a Fisher information matrix
Two-sample $t$-test vs Tukey's method
Linear regression with slope constraint
Permutation test null and correct label distribution
Differences in kurtosis definition and their interpretation
Understanding the mean shift algorithm with Gaussian kernel
2 correlated variables , 2 conditions and 3 groups: what analysis?
Linear vs. nonlinear regression
Resampling and multiple comparisons
Statistics, Expected values and Philosophy
GLMM in SPSS: what does significance of the fixed coefficients mean?
Population model to model year to year dynamics
Discretizing all attributes vs. discretizing only the class label
Cointegration structure
An unclear regularity condition for the multivariate case of the Cramér-Rao inequality
Interpretation of interaction effect in negative binomial regression
Why does k-NN perform better than SVR and linear regression?
How do I create a random variance matrix (x'x)/N with confidence that it will be invertible?
Assessing or comparing correlations at multiple locations
Is partial correlation possible after Spearman's correlation?
Fit a curve (spline?) through a solid in 3D and map a value onto it
Model variance and bias in cross validation
Is it appropriate to assess internal consistency on related items measured with different response formats within the same instrument?
Distribution of high and low of a random walk
Hypothesis testing a location shift in heteroscedastic and non-normal data
Can bootstrap be used to replace non-parametric tests?
Is the union of two reservoir samples a random sample?
Adding between subject factor reduces p value of main effect?
Reversing IV and DV in multiple regression
Example of distribution where large sample size is necessary for central limit theorem
Standard error of slopes in piecewise linear regression with known breakpoints
Repeated Measures ANOVA with several measures entered together: how to find main effect
Does stepwise regression provide a biased estimate of population r-square?
Unbiased estimator of variance of binomial variable
Generalised least squares: from regression coefficients to correlation coefficients?
tbats model for multiplicative seasonality
Bivariate conditional probability confidence
Finding the variance of the estimator for the maximum likelihood for the Poisson distribution
How to interpret GARCH parameters?
Free econometrics textbooks
Relation between true positive, false positive, false negative and true negative
Which is applicable, ordinal or multinomial regression model?
Large scale Cox regression with R (Big Data)
Multiple bivariate normal distributions and conditional expectation
Correlation between series of series
What is the correct tool for testing uniformity?
Comparing prices between different stores (non-parametric models?)
Calculate log2 ratio
Testing a relationship between a continuous predictor and binomial outcome
How to interpret the model fit indices generated by lavaan (in R)? Something wrong with the model specifications?
How can I train in MLP backpropagation if training class labels are given with their confidence rate?
The distribution of the scalar product of multivariate complex normal vectors
How can I perform a familywise error rate correction for Johansen cointegration tests?
Interpreting matrices of SVD in practical applications
Justifying the distribution for the maximum likelihood estimator in a linear regression example
pLSA using tempered EM
Model selection, when candidates have been fit to two separate data sets independently...anything beyond multiplying likelihoods?
Limit of c.d.f. of Poisson($n$) when $n$ goes to infinity
Boston University School of Public Health web page on confidence intervals
Is Fisher overestimating the variance here?
Algorithm for determining performance speedup/slowdown in a code change vs. historical data?
How to understand SARIMAX intuitively?
Transforming data with both negative and positive skew
Covariate vs. factors
Mediation analysis interpretation
Forecasting price based on historic time series
Algorithm for generating hyperexponential distribution
Percentage change vs. first difference
Regression and point-specific p-values (using R for explanation)
Underdispersed count data and factor analysis
Partial $\eta^2$ in multivariate analysis
2x2 design for ANOVA
Why is it possible to have a non-significant MANOVA but multiple significant univariate ANOVAs?
Diagonal elements of the projection matrix
Non-parametric tests to compare numeric profiles
Choosing non-informative priors
Combining evidence using Dempster-Shafer theory
Number of areas in conditional autoregressive models
Comparing multiple datasets from a controlled experiment
How to apply multiple testing correction for gene list overlap using R
Information Geometry for Ridge Regression
Use of Signal to Noise Ratio to compare Ridge Regression Estimators
Regression coefficient in a partitioned matrix
Can one use different samples in pre and post tests?
Difference between multivariate standard normal distribution and Gaussian copula
Understanding the multilevel / random-effects beta-binomial regression model
Skewed but bell-shaped still considered as normal distribution for ANOVA?
is there any difference between taking more samples and a sample with more observations?
Algorithm for real-time normalization of time-series data?
Probability of a certain run of dice rolls
why isn't the the marginal distribution needed when using a conjugate prior?
Parametric segmented or piecewise regression with heteroscedastic errors
How to analyse data from the same group where some people have opted out and data is anonymous?
Determining values of correction factor based on x bins in observed vs. actual data
Complete sufficient statistic
Finding correlation between unequal group sizes in SPSS
Neural Network Black Box Workarounds
Overall goodness-of-fit/p-value for multiple items IRT model in R (ltm)
Statistics version of What is... columns in Notices
Making various mixed effects models
Finding the parameters of bimodal and trimodal univariate distribution with MATLAB
Definition of dispersion parameter for quasipoisson family
Sample size for a very skewed A/B Test
When and how to use weights for sequence analysis in social science?
Not all subjects undergo conjunction of two treatments, two-way within-subject (repeated-measures) ANOVA correct?
Prediction with randomForest (R) and missing values
Two sided Fisher's exact test with uneven number of samples
Asymptotic vs. bootstrap test statistic, size and power properties
Multinomial Logit with mlogit and Yogurt Data
Value of Information for a simple investment problem
Online resources for philosophy of causation for causal inference
Can I combine several ordinal questions to create an index and/or composite measure?
How to specify uncorrelated random slopes in lmer() syntax?
Are there examples of more informative PCA plots?
Distribution of a logit transform of a normal variable
How to test stability/variability of statistic over time, using R
Is the model wrong if a coefficient changes from minus in correlation table to plus in OLS?
Nested Logit model in r
Alternating AUC curve. What does it mean?
How to best account for population sizes in disease outbreaks
Backtesting/cross-validation for time-series and prediction intervals
Finding average number of rolls for recursive rolls on success
Anomaly Detection with Dummy Features (and other Discrete/Categorical Features)
Mixed effects vs linear regression: accuracy of beta estimation
Is there a well-defined class of ensemble methods?
Why do Friedman and Wilcoxon post-hoc contradict each other for my data?
How would I go about analysing MMA statistics and data for future predictions?
Defining contrasts in ANOVA to compare mean differences
Can covariates be categorial variables?
Error estimation of a small dataset of counts
Bottom to top explanation of the Mahalanobis distance?
Taking equipment precision into standard deviation
Forecast country sales performance based on a subset of areas
What is the difference between a stochastic and a deterministic trend?
How to proceed if a rule-based classification algorithm finds an instance that can be classified two ways?
Plotting the gap between two times
Please help me refine this zero-inflated negative binomial model
Is Mahalanobis distance dependent from the vector dimensions?
Notation for the sample total variation
MLE of multinomial distribution with missing values
Can a neural net (MLP) approximate a GLM?
Effect of including/excluding predictors on beta estimation in linear regression
Performing comparisons after a cluster analysis
Locating a set of 5 geometrically constrained points within a cloud of points
Prediction Intervals in Ridge Regression?
Chart for seeing trends, correlations, triggers and patterns
Approximation of partition function (normalizer)
Method for generating correlated non-normal data
Generating Bayesian network graph with dsc file
Prediction using SVD and Fisher's linear discriminant
Separation in logistic regression in a complex survey?
Is this a nested model and can I use the likelihood ratio test?
Assumptions of Mann-Whitney U-test
Which repeated measure statistical test must I use in this case?
Matching density with normal and uniform distributions
Fast/parallel alternative to GLS with nlme?
Cross-Validation: Include IV which are significant in one model but insignificant in the other?
Number of dependent variables
Simulate data for power analysis of logistic regression model - include covariance variance of variables?
Help with Theil-Sen regression function (written in R)
Methodology of modelling sparse events
Pattern recognition techniques in spatial or spatio-temporal data?
Actual vs. Target
Rates, underlying distributions, and measuring things
Is it possible for my mixed model results to be the same as those for a repeated measures ANCOVA? Why don't I get the same results? SPSS
Conditional logistic regression vs GLMM in R
intra-rater reliability and assessment error - which ICC type to use? singular rater
Can monthly seasonality adjusted data still exhibit seasonality?
One tailed Fisher's exact test and the hypergeometric distribution
How do I incorporate an innovative outlier at observation 48 in my ARIMA model?
Testing certain contrasts: Is this provably a hard problem, or not?
Calculating the PMF of roll-and-keep dice (XdZkY)
left-censored dependent variables and prediction
Do I need to drop variables that are collinear before running kmeans?
Guidance on classification analysis
What would be a better alternative to two balanced latin squares (human subject experiment)?
R package random forest: can corr.bias be harmful?
Is there LASSO type model in which only some of the regressors are regulated?
How to estimate missing data points from a moving average curve?
What is the probability of taking 15 free throws in a game and making 10 in a row?
How to select model when different models are preferred with different seeds?
Can one measure the degree of empirical data being Gaussian?
Monte Carlo Integration for non-square integrable functions
Distances vs. distance like functions in clustering
Overfitting in GLMM
(Why) should bootstrap sampling distribution for logistic regression slope be conditional on $S=\sum Y_j$?
Analyzing residual plot vs independent variables plot
Difference between replication and repeated measurements
What is lambda in an elastic net model (penalized regression)?
Bootstrap size and probability of drawing distinct observations
Generalized linear model with mean contrast pairwise comparison versus chi-square tests
GLMM predictor variables
What are distances between variables making a covariance matrix?
Probabilistic problem with two dice
Increasing degrees of freedom with mixed models
What does it mean to use a normalizing factor to sum to unity?
Comparing two slopes
How to compute lower edge of a credible interval for a beta distribution in python?
Imputation of missing parameter value by regressing the other parameters
Testing for non-random overlap of polygons
For what kind of features will standardization be helpful?
Comparing cost changes for different groups of companies
Combining evidence from different sources
What is it called when you analyze the grouping of variables? How to do it in Excel?
How should you express a negative binomial distribution in an exponential family form?
Adaptive simulated annealing
How to treat rare / new items in the validation of a recommender system?
Image reconstruction using compressed sensing
Binomial coefficient in JAGS
How to predict new data with spline/smooth regression
Finding the distribution of reinsurance reserving
Calculation of variables
Zero inflated Poisson model
Quantify the difference between two samples
If an association rule has 90% support, how many transactions contain all the items in A?
The derivation of the Mahalanobis distance formula
How to test the effect of pre-post, treatment-control intervention with three age groups, two dependent variables and gender effects?
Inference of the parameters of a linear congruential generator
Rules to apply Monte Carlo simulation of p-values for chi-squared test
Fractional Polynomial interpreting interaction terms
K-means as limit of Soft K-means algorithm
How to make a one-sided test for proportion in R
Confusion related to marginal precision
Adding variables to the model one by one, or at the same time
What are starting values in glm() function?
Grouping similar subjects based on slopes
Variance-covariance matrix of the errors in linear regression
What is the opposite to adaptive?
Explanatory variables with many zeros
Accounting for pretreatment differences (linear mixed effects model) using R/nlme
Are the relations in fixed, random and mixed effect models and multilevel models causal?
One-sample KS test's D-statistic peculiarity in R
Should coin flips be modeled as Bernoulli or binomial draws in RJags?
Testing for population similarity on non-parametric data
Which is more appropriate in this case -- PCA or Factor Analysis?
Multiple testing and logistic regression
Can I use multiple groups of dummy variables? How do I interpret results for missing groups?
Finding the number of events in a given period based on time interval between events
What is the name for the test whose results are printed by summary.lm (in R)?
Are crossed factorial design and full factorial design the same concept?
Confusion related to the derivation of a dual of a problem
Linear model: comparing predictive power of two different measurement methods
How to interpret the capped binomial deviance as rating model fit in two player games?
How to calculate weighted covariance?
Notation for sample mean: $\overline{Y}_{\cdot{j}}=\frac{\sum\limits_{i=1}^N Y_{ij}}{N}$
An explanation/definition of negative mediation
ANOVA and Levene test problem
Prove (or disprove) that this function is a kernel
Which kind of test is most suitable for comparing correlations of 3 methods?
Connection of t-statistic and p-value in augmented Dickey-Fuller test
How to draw a funnel plot for an observational meta-analysis which concerns only with prevalence rates (no odds ratios or standard errors etc.)?
Posterior distribution of normally distributed variable within interval
Risk bounds for Poisson regression
Test difference between samples with very small sample size
Does a less sparse matrix give less accurate estimation using cross-validation?
How to perform meta-analysis comparing different proportional mortality ratios of subgroups?
What is the distribution of changes in adjusted R squared when adding a random normal variable?
Unique (?) idea for forecasting sales
Significant difference between two directed network graphs with the same vertex IDs
Physical significance: multiplying matrix by outer product of its eigenvector
.632+ bootstrap estimator-defining gamma in continuous variable case
What differences are between one-factor-at-a-time method and split-plot method?
Residuals in double seasonal exponential smoothing
Do the commands logit and glm (Binomial family) in Stata use different fitting/estimation algorithm?
Glmnet and dummy variable trap
When should I prefer kappa over accuracy for binary classification problems?
How do I interpret the figure output from package dlnm in R?
Application to a real life problem: identifying outliers in univariate time series data
Non-parametric estimate of conditional expectation
What do I use for degrees of freedom in ANOVA?
Test if two samples are equal
Simultaneous or separate estimate of structural equation modeling?
Recall and precision in classification
Clustering of points based on vector feature similarities in R
Accurate prediction of binomial group level outcome with lme4
A model that can fit binary data in R
Does this single value match that distribution?
Correlation between a linear and a log series
How to check adequacy of a time series model using residual autocorrelations?
Type 1 error Bayesian Stats
Pooled time series regression in R
Determining the significance of a rule
Improving an unbiased estimator using the Rao-Blackwell theorem
How to calculate a correlation between variables which are proportions of observations varying in sample size
How many studies are required to assess heterogeneity of effect size in meta-analysis?
Covariance v. correlation based PCA, theoretical view
Is it technically valid to fit a logistic regression with a dependent variable that is a proportion?
Is there a term to indicate data outside the control/specification limits?
How does the generalized linear model generalize the general linear model?
What ARIMA data to feed to neural networks in hybrid model for forecasting?
Help writing covariates into regression formula
Student's t vs Mann-Whitney U for small equal samples
Using principal components in a linear discriminant analysis for a diagnostic test
Repair flawed experiment design
Label Switching in WinBugs/JAGS
Implementing a Kolmogorov-Smirnov permutation test
Correlation between discrete and continuous variables
How to derive the first order autocorrelation coefficient of an AR(1) process?
Why is it bad if number of dimensions / factors > sample size?
What is the proper way to measure error in collected data for calibration purposes?
Period effects in pooled time series data in R
2x2x5 repeated measures ANOVA: significant 3-way interaction
Reverse scoring when question is stated in a negative fashion
Classification: model based and non model based
Question about inverse-variance weighting
Calculating ICC for random-effects logistic regression
Is there a formula to determine the cumulative distribution associated with multiple different kinds of events?
Competing risk survival analysis with time-dependent covariates
Is the link function in Probit model canonical?
Why is boosting effective?
Why are there not obvious improvements over Tukey's method?
How to get confidence interval on population r-square change
Wilcoxon signed-rank test. Is it necessary?
R : accuracy.gts, no MASE with monthly data
How to improve forecasting accuracy?
How to model a five point rating item predicted by multiple variables some of which are factors?
Line chart vs Area chart - NOIR
Why is naive Bayes a linear model?
When is a fixed effect truly fixed?
Correct setup for leave-one-subject-out cross-validation
When is Fisher's z-transform appropriate?
Forecasting of density function
Cluster-robust estimation versus Random Effects estimation
When should I use errors-in-variables?
Random Forest and cluster-level bootstrapping
Generate synthetic data from a graph (e.g., bipartite)
How to run a sensitivity analysis with dependent variables?
Obtaining covariance matrix from correlation matrix
Illness-death multistate survival model
Replicate simulation study from a paper and calculate the MSE in R
Difference between Variance Inflation Factor (VIF) and kappa in R?
Could I use Tukey's HSD test as a post-hoc test for a within-groups ANOVA test?
Best machine learning approach for recommendation engine?
How to do PCA with a set-valued variable?
Multi armed bandit for general reward distribution
Cronbach's alpha negative result
How can posterior be persisted and reconstituted as future prior?
Negative inner fence value in a box and whiskers plot?
How to check the features which are selected by LASSO
With K-Fold cross-validation, do you average the model?
How to compute sample size to compare two diagnostic tests
Jaccard Similarity - From Data Mining book - Home work problem.
How to calculate confidence intervals for power function ($y=ax^b$) in R using NLS
A simple distribution problem
Stationarity - assumptions and examination
Concordance test and corresponding plot
Confidence interval for the product of two parameters
Two-way ANOVA robustness against normality violations
Best subsets with logistic regression in R?
Why is my neural network not learning?
How to interpret the significant interaction of two non-significant main predictors?
Models for Generalized Estimating Equation?
How to obtain simultaneous confidence intervals for correlated frequencies?
Stepwise versus L2 regularized logistic regression: dataset-specific performance
GEE, quasi-likelihood and what it generalizes
Why is the expectation maximization algorithm used?
Suitable graph to visualize the spread of data
Difference of means -- Testing two algorithms
Investigating robustness of logistic regression against violation of linearity of logit
Seasonal dummies significance issues
How to test for parallelness of two distributions?
Iterative PCA R
Correct variance estimation for random sample post-stratification weights
How to visually show the convergence of a process?
Least squares problem
Why use ANOVA at all instead of jumping straight into post-hoc or planned comparisons tests?
Hypothesis test for summary data involving percentages
What is the fastest unsupervised feature learning algorithm?
Regression without obvious dependent variable
Analysis of compounds using PCA - selecting the right PCA type for the data...?
Prediction error and covariance penalty
Confused about independence and prediction power of data
Difference between Taxonomy and Classification with respect to data/text mining
How to choose initial values for nonlinear least squares fit
Knapsack problem with uncertain profits
Statistical Analysis on mostly boolean values
Equivalence of a slope coefficient in a regression using individual and aggregate data
Significance of a source phase in a complex ICA
Means of determining monotonicity of missing pattern other than eyeballing? And how monotone is monotone for the purpose of multiple imputation?
Topic stability in topic models
One-class SVM vs. exemplar SVM
Fraction of variance unexplained and R-squared in linear and non-linear regression
Metrics for covariance matrices: drawbacks and strengths
What is the correct way of comparing two very small groups (N = 3)?
MCMC and terrible convergence
Bayesian Vs MLE regression - getting different results
Are running mean plots good indicators for time series convergence?
Hausman test: the larger the sample the more significant the Hausman test statistic?
Consecutive Log Transformations
Controlled before-and-after
Does it make sense to use Lasso regression for recommendation systems?
E-step of the stochastic approximation EM
Assumptions in estimating probabilities from a contingency table
Correlation between Likert-type item and yes / no question
What exactly is building a statistical model?
Statistical learning theory VS computational learning theory?
Correcting a DNA scoring algorithm for scanned sequence length (consensus binding site)
Interpretation of coefficients in multiple regression without intercept
Updating ARIMA model
How to identify spikes in a noisy time series?
How to map a trajectory to a vector?
Book recommendations for beginners about probability distributions
The bootstrapped confidence intervals for ORs are strangely big or small in my binary logistic regression. Are they valid in the first place?
Difference of random variables subject to non-negative values
Two games with collected statistics, how accurate is the data?
Multiple regression with both positive and negative data
Is the Gaussian copula (for d=2) with normal margins identical to the bivariate normal?
Why is this representing the left tail?
What form of analysis should be used for loss given default estimates?
Outlier detection of an unevenly spaced time series
Event Prediction through Machine Learning
Bayesian estimation of tridiagonal covariance
Summing up ordered items to a sum-score: implications?
Testing if a vector is in a population of vectors
Question about a normal equation proof
Assuming homoscedasticity in linear regression, why are predictions still less precise for marginal predictor values
What does the hidden layer in a neural network compute?
Appropriate regression model when dependent variable is between 0 and 1?
Distance metric for all categorical data
What is ANOVA?
Determining stability in a time series via probabilistic modeling
Order of variables in R lm model
How different are fixed score and random score regression estimates of population r-square?
Counterpart to regression equivariance in logistic regression?
One sided dist-free tolerance intervals and testing
Boxplot equivalent for heavy-tailed distributions?
Clustering of count data
Multiple treatment nonparametric testing
What is an adaptive copula?
Winning probability in a game with multiple players
Is this a nested model?
Proper regression model for ratio data
Getting p-values for multinorm in R (nnet package)
Non-linear modelling with several variables including a categorical variable
Finding multiple topics in short texts
Label on the y-axis in a normalised histogram
Fourier/trigonometric interpolation
Using Wilcoxon and Cliff's delta for comparing two sets of monitored variables?
DF for regression SS in multiple linear regression when sigma is known
What justifies the zero mean assumption for Gaussian processes?
Intuitive explanation of why p is not the probability of the null hypothesis
What is the current 'standard' for modern statistical computing hardware?
Relationship between McNemar's test and conditional logistic regression
Finding an acceptable upper limit on a random generator with an unknown distribution
Probability of an object of belonging to a group of objects
Mahalanobis distance on non-normal data
Two questions on indexing and regression
Nonlinear regression: heteroskedasticity and correlated residuals
Testing for significant binary attributes
How to perform a repeated measure CFA
Estimate values below the limit of detection from a left-censored dataset
Alternative to Kolmogorov-Smirnov test when parameters are estimated from the data
Using Poisson instead of transforming the data
Coefficient p-values for linear regression on large dataset
How to bootstrap respecting subject-level information?
Is it sound to take the average of a cumulative average?
How to combine multiple imputed datasets?
Regressing volatility of one variable on volatility of other variable
Number of free parameters in Gaussian mixture models
Non-normality in residuals
How many counts are required to estimate a mean to a certain precision?
Specifying group covariates and cross level interactions in lmer
Sparsity regularization for eigenvectors
How to define a BUGS/JAGS or WinBUGS model with a likelihood node that includes two integrals?
Normalizing the constant of the posterior
How to interpret the coefficients from a beta regression?
Strange behavior of location-tests for different datasets
Minimum training sample size required for a classifier
What does a significant intercept mean in ANOVA?
Trade-off between using explicit inputs and using fewer inputs for neural networks
Comparing sets of parameters extracted from different exponential fits to each other for significance
Power analysis with R
Decision rule using tolerance intervals
Intra class correlation and experimental design
ANOVA mixed design in R shows incorrect Df
Are sample statistics relevant when comparing census data across time periods?
How to model multivariate time series
Is the chance of independent events just summed, when calculating overall chances of any event?
Why is maximum number of orthogonal contrasts equal to the number of groups minus one and what does mutually orthogonal mean?
How to compute multiple date ranges for wildlife occurrences
Is any quantitative property of the population a parameter?
Does adjusted R-square seek to estimate fixed score or random score population r-squared?
Free internet or downloadable resources for sample size calculations
When would maximum likelihood estimates equal least squares estimates?
Two samples, proportions
Difference beween supplementary and active variables in PCA - Interpretation on obsevations?
Should the risk of Type II error associated with a n.s. factor be discussed if this factor significantly interacts with another factor?
Difference Between Simultaneous Equation Model and Structural Equation Model
Odds and odds ratios in logistic regression
Sampling from marginal using integrated conditional
Removing outliers and calculating a lowest attainable price from a pre-determined/fixed time series of prices
Implications of trying multiple tests for an analysis
Looking for: non-parametric multivariate repeated measure test
Post hoc tests for robust mixed design ANOVA using R
What are the practical differences between the Benjamini & Hochberg (1995) and the Benjamini & Yekutieli (2001) false discovery rate procedures?
Multivariate analysis of variance
Integrating kernel density estimator in 2D
Mixed-design with split-plot and mixed effect
Regression - mapping an unordered set of tuples to a scalar
Application of Logistic Regression
Is this an acceptable way to analyse mixed effect models with lme4 in R?
Outlier detection function in R for known distributions
How to model customer satisfaction when customer satisfaction is a binary variable?
Considering a new variable in a regression model
Interpreting Regression Results: Combined Data Points
Calculate precision and recall
Parameters of energy function for TSP
Large n small p regression - Machine Learning
Interpreting Intercept when doing logistic regression with categorical data in R
Why are lower p-values not more evidence against the null?
Visualizing large file-based or Redis-in-memory stored large datasets (millions of data points)
does rstandard standardize in z?
R's coxph won't converge when I include factor (categorical) variables
Multilevel model vs. separate models for each level
Similarity metric not based on statistical correlation
Chi-square independence test for A/B split testing
How to test if two factors interact and test if their interaction is important?
Solving intercept / equivalence point / crossing point of where two Weibull regressions meet
Problem with BootCV for coxph in pec after feature selection with glmnet (lasso)
Estimate the parameters of an ellipse in the presence of large outliers
How build smoothed curve of incidence rates using subject data?
Moderated Mediation with categorical moderator
Interpreting Coefficients from Logistic Mixed Effects Model
Multiple dependent variables with categorical predictors: estimation problem
How do I go from Labor Statistics results to generalities on the population?
Measurement of similarity for hierarchical clustering trees
Mutual Information for clustering
What is the difference between a one-sided filter and a two-sided filter when looking at time series analysis?
Using existing questionnaire
Difference between standard and spherical k-means algorithms
Prove that $\limsup_{n\to\infty} |X_n|/n \le1 $ almost surely
Good classifiers for small training sets
Unexpected residuals plot of mixed linear model using lmer (lme4 package) in R
Significance of most frequent answer
Excluding one combination of two factors in a linear model
Count data forecasting/prediction
What would be a reliable way to check if a square matrix is computationally singular?
Does $\sum_{i\neq j} \text{Cov}(X_i, X_j) = 0$ imply $\text{Cov}(X_i, X_j) = 0, \,\forall\,i \neq j$
Correlation influence on two variable coefficients
Formula for probability of getting consecutive tails in X coin flips
How to project high dimensional space into a two-dimensional plane?
How is q value defined?
R: product of dummy variables when using factor in a linear regression
How to translate the results from lm() to an equation?
Get overlap between two normally distributed variables
Why is my manipulation check not correlated with my outcome even though the manipulation produce a significant effect?
Is LSA and topic clustering easier in European languages similar to English?
Which model should I use to fit my data?
What is the difference between a hierarchical linear regression and an ordinary least squares (OLS) regression?
Methods for time-series prediction depending on multiple parameters
Repeated measures or one sample t-test
Prediction uncertainty estimates for different kinds of models
Sample size for multiple linear regression
Named entity recognition and class imbalance
Repeated measures ANOVA with covariate (SPSS)
Computation of polynomial contrast variables
What is the difference between lmer(.. (1|groupingfactor1) +(1|1|groupingfactor2)) and lmer(..(groupingfactor1|groupingfactor2)?
How to find patterns and identify changes in them in time series with R
Estimating parameters of Student's t-distribution
ezAnova vs. lme for factorial repeated-measures design: results differ, why?
How does bootstrapping in R actually work?
Maximum likelihood optimization error in R
Combining features to improve F1 score in random forest
Read cointegration relations R
Meaning of “post hoc” multiple comparisons
How can you implement a two-way ANOVA with nesting in R or SPSS?
When do uniformly most powerful (UMP) tests fail to exist and how to prove it?
MCMC direct comparison of difference of two parameters
For what broad types of statistics are integral calculus useful?
Call volume: time series regression model from 52 weeks a year and lagged predictors
Two dice problem
How to re-cluster new instance in centroid base clustering?
Why is the Bonferroni procedure applicable only when the effects to be investigated are identified in advance of the study?
Non-informative prior for integer restricted parameters
Error with RLRsim package while testing for variance components
Diagnostics for GEE in R
Detecting trends in a data stream in real-time
in Soft-margin SVM
Paired t-test for N > 30
Propensity score matching using R
Machine learning for dynamic pricing
Using LSA for dimension reduction on test data
What is causing degrees of freedom and negative variance issues when estimating CFA with uncorrelated factors?
Comparing classification performance over similar datasets
Training a hidden Markov model
Constructing a tridiagonal Markov Chain given a desired distribution
Constructing a specific statistical hypothesis?
What is the minimum sample size for using exploratory factor analysis to reduce a pool of questionnaire items?
Nonparametric/nonlinear regression
Sum of Products of Rademacher random variables
Two-dimensional distribution and related variance computation
How to compute the Standard Normal homogeneity test, Buishand range test, Von Neumann ratio test and the Pettitt test
Designing an experiment: Geometric or Bernoulli data
Different number of samples (observations) per class (one vs. all classification)
Inference for the skeptical (but not math-averse) reader
Logistic Regression/Naive Bayes with highly correlated data
Power calculation in a Bayesian approach
Interpretation of interaction term in Cox PH model when centering LP on mean values of predictors
Calibrating random forest regression
Is there a sample distribution so that the distribution of p-value is skewed towards 1?
What can we say about the likelihood function, besides using it in maximum likelihood estimation?
How to include interaction terms in R/tree model?
Correlated outcomes: modeling length and weight gains together
Linear dependence problem with time covariate and time dummies (in R)
What does a huge gap between P values of the same predictor computed in bootstrapped and non-bootstrapped versions of the same regression mean?
Reject null, if and only if q-value is no more than the FDR threshold?
Intraclass correlation in the context of linear mixed-effects model
95% CI or standard error of predicted risk in Cox regression using R
Create n-variate normal distributed random numbers
why to do structure learning for Bayesian networks?
How Conditional Random Fields and Logistic Regression could be the same?
Plot empirical vs theoretical distributions in MATLAB
Econometrics: Calculating Elasticity With Constant Decay in Demand
Why is this MGF identity true?
Why is 2-fold CV giving better results than 5-fold CV?
Is there overfitting in my modelling approach despite cross-vaidation?
Regression with interaction term that is a function of other regressors
Power of the t-test under unequal sample sizes
What is a better way to construct a confidence interval for the probability of success in binomial distributions?
What is the benefit of using permutation tests?
How to deal with kurtotic interaction variable?
Test for variation using random effects model
Choosing distance function in kernel regression forecasting?
Index of dispersion with approximate distribution
Approximating a Poisson distribution using a partially observed Gaussian
Is R output reliable (specially IRT package ltm)
Gaussian process regression toy problem
Estimating covariate effects on Likert-type response variable
Bayesian model comparison: What is it about MCMC that makes RSS or BIC hard to use?
ANOVA and Regression give opposite results in R
R package (relaxed lasso for Cox's proportional hazards model)
Are these variables mutually independent?
Fit Gaussian random field for spatial data
What exactly is the actual coverage probability?
glmnet, categorical variable, group lasso?
How to fit a logistic regression for 1 dependent variable and 1 qualitative variable measured twice
Heteroskedasticity and residuals normality
If I reject the null on a two sample t-test, can I conclude which direction the difference goes?
How to tell if the relationship between time series variables changes over time?
Lagged term in time series with stationary errors: too good to be true?
What can I do if the confidence intervals of the predicted mean are small but the predicted intervals are large
Should I run measurement invariance if confirmatory factor analysis is not affirmative?
How to model distributions which are not normally distributed
Choosing regression model
Estimating logistic regression coefficients in a case-control design when the outcome variable is not case/control status
What makes Hoeffding's inequality an important statistical concept?
How do I incorporate personalization to a Bayesian ranking engine?
Other ways to find line of best fit
Optimization: The root of all evil in statistics?
How to combine time-series based features with different frequencies
Do statisticians assume one can't over-water a plant, or am I just using the wrong search terms for curvilinear regression?
Providing CIs for comparing interaction point estimates across datasets?
Test whether data set approximates normal distribution using mean and median
How to built a software recognition algorithm
Non-significance and model specification
How to interpret multimodal distribution of bootstrapped correlation?
Select best distance for feature selection
Illustrating influence of factors in linear regression: Partial $R^2$ or coefficients or both?
How to calculate the signal-to-noise ratio for an image?
Benefits of using QQ-plots over histograms
Correctly specifying temporal pseudo-replication in a mixed effects model in R/nlme
Time series properties
How do I estimate the $e_t$ from a moving average model?
Leave-one-out cross validation: Relatively unbiased estimate of generalization performance?
Sample simulation from mixture model in R
Why does regularization of coefficient magnitude improve the generalization of linear regression?
Can the normalizing constant of a PDF be infinite?
1-sided two sample t-test with covariate adjustment
Growth mixture modelling with unequal number of measurements per individual
Effective validity of AUROC as performance measure: what about very high AUROC values?
Correcting for multiple comparisons on planned contrasts with an ANCOVA
How do I calculate the error propagation of this function?
Test Markov Chain properties of time series
SVM has relatively low classification rate for high-dimensional data even though 2-D projections show they are separable
Alternative to Shapley value regression
Simple Bayesian network
Force-directed methods to draw graphs
Mixed-effects for repeated measures in Matlab -- how to choose a model?
Can we calculate the standard error of prediction just based on simple linear regression output?
Sensible Transformations of Economic Indices like CFNAI and ADSBCI in Time Series Analysis
How to measure which program is faster than another in a statistically meaningful way?
Meta analysis: How to assess the quality of each of the individual studies in a systematic way?
How do I sample from a discrete (categorical) distribution in log space?
Can I use kernel density estimation when I only have histogram data, not the raw values?
Simple Bayes network
What are some classification approaches for real-valued features that produce actual probabilities?
Convert back standardized linear predictor
Comparing regression coefficients across models with standardized dependent variables
How to assess the statistical significance of a single data point
MLE for triangle distribution?
Fitting copulas with a given covariance matrix
Good reference for number of permutations for a simple test?
Better way to get best-fit regression formula (forcing y-int = 0)
Difficulty in calculating joint probability
Determining conditional probability when there are two events but one condition and vice versa
Relevance of opinion poll (500 people from 10.5 millions)
Correlation based on one object
Estimating probability or frequency with low N?
Generalized RBF Kernels
Weights in quantile regression for complex survey in R
Can first-order Markov chain be considered a special case of a hidden Markov model?
Fixed effect insignicant results
Fourier phase randomization
Internal vs external cross-validation and model selection
Are two Pearson correlation coefficients different?
Should I use variance or standard deviation as weights to combine independent measurements?
Linear Discriminant Analysis: Using subject as classification
How to choose the scaling matrix in ABC (without cheating!)?
How to compare the accuracy of predictive algorithms when the predicted value contains measurement error
How to define sample space for discrete random variable
Implementation of M-spline in R
Reason for formula for BMI index
Variance of annual return based on variance of monthly return
How to model the distribution over payouts from aggregate (sum) data?
Plotting lifetables, incidence with varying denominators
Why is $\sigma^2$ also the unconditional variance of $u^2$ in the homoskedasticity assumption in simple linear regression?
Using a survival model to predict two different types of death
Robust Wald test for Poisson with Stata
Statistics of sample correlation for uniformly distributed samples
Calculating threshold turn value using mean centered quadratic terms in regression
Fitting a gaussian mixture model using stochastic gradient descent
How do I calculate the variance of the OLS estimator $\beta_0$, conditional on $x_1, \ldots , x_n$?
How can I change my fitting method to force better relative accuracy instead of just absolute accuracy?
How is a bifactor IRT model different from a factor analysis?
Can the sample space contain outcomes that do not occur?
(Why) do overfitted models tend to have large coefficients?
Randomisation/permutation test for paired vectors in R
Testing constraints/restrictions in multiple regression using R
Ranking different variables by standardization
Regularization and feature scaling in online learning?
lme and lmer comparison
Improvements in AIC when adding a variable that is not close to signficant
Estimating parameters of categorical distribution from sum-of-outcome data
Why can't I use OLS for switching regression?
How to communicate regression model performance to non-stats people?
Understanding ordered logistic regression
Omitted variable bias formula with more than one variable
Mathematical background for neural networks
Creating contrast matrix for linear regression in R
How does a uniform prior lead to the same estimates from maximum likelihood and mode of posterior?
What determines to which variable the explained variance is granted?
Variable Selection for a binary classification problem
Why is square root taken for sample count N in standard deviation formula?
Derivation of IV estimator?
In GPML, why does scaler in Squared Exponent covariance function gets very small?
Linear Regression and ANOVA
How to best handle subscores in a meta-analysis?
Understanding Metropolis-Hastings with asymmetric proposal distribution
How to analyze category responses
randomForest in R for classification
Implementing kernel logistic regression using IRWLS
Standard error of a weighted mean when observations are not independent
Two methods of bootstrap significance tests
Statistical error in Bayesian framework
What is the relevance of bootstrapped confidence intervals on markov chain transition matrices?
Features to represent peaks in time series
Choosing between transformations in logistic regression
Should I re-center variables when looking at moderator effect in men and women separately?
Missing data and discriminant analysis
Comparing two dependent intra-class correlations (ICCs)
Standardization of compositional data in PCA versus using real data
Whether to include individual items or the composite variable in structural equational modelling?
How to interpret basic three variable mediation model?
Repeated comparisons over time between two groups
How to Interpret a negative log linear regression coefficient?
Logistic regression with categorical predictor
Is bootstrapping appropriate for estimating a multivariate normal covariance matrix using a small sample size?
Interpretation of mixed model with repeated measures
How to calculate ${\rm Pr}(F_A|F_B)$ or ${\rm Pr}(F_A| F_B, F_C, F_D)$ in a four node network?
Why is posterior density proportional to prior density times likelihood function?
How to use SVD for dimensionality reduction
Adding uncertainty range to probability density function using bootstrapping
What is the best forecasting model for time series data?
Calculating when significance will be reached in A/B test ($\chi^2$ test of the difference between two proportions)
Drawing smooth 2D curves with 2D spline in R
R code for Kutner et al's Applied Linear Statistical Models?
Log likelihood improves with addition of a nonsignificant variable
Fitting proportions in a Bayesian model and controlling the error around the value
Differences between regression using base R and using rms package
Outlier detection in time series data
How do I use the standard regression assumptions to prove that $\hat{\sigma}^2$ is an unbiased estimator of $\sigma^2$?
How to combine variances from sensors where each observation has its own variance?
Arithmetic relation between expectation values of transformed random variables
Expected number of times the empirical mean will exceed a value
How to simulate a Cox proportional hazards model with change point and code it in R
How to calculate the probability $P(A' \cup B')$ and related properties?
How can reliability and validity of content analysis be quantified when there is only one person coding the data?
Modeling non-exclusive choices
Compute expectation of a random variable given the density function
R: estVar and cor
Computing sample size for having at least one individual of each level for a categorical variable?
Likert scales: analyzing scales or items?
Using the covariance matrix to calculate correlations
Found a better measurement - what to do with the old/new measurement (both formative)?
How can I simulate data for comparing logit and probit model?
Basic proof of mixture models
What is the meaning of using distributions for statistical inference?
What do we call multiple testing?
Roy model question
Null hypothesis of the runs test
Can your manipulation condition be a predictor in a multiple regression?
p-value adjustment for Local Moran's I statistic (LISA)
Finding correlations in longitudinal data analysis
Combining two sets of principal components in a regression
Multiple testing, FDR and power
The result of absolute change and relative change in t test is different
If you flip a fair coin indefinitely, how likely is it that, at some point, you will have evidence that the coin is not fair?
Relationship between estimates in 2 linear models
My prediction errors are correlated. Now what?
Comparing categorized data
Appropriate model for proportional response variable
Mixed effects model or mixed design ANOVA in R
Monte Carlo simulation of low probability events with impact
How to exclude covariates of a Cox model?
Cronbach's $\alpha$ - two instances
Comparing samples across time periods
Plotting functions of three variables
Share repurchase
Can I use factors from principal component analysis in correlation and regression analysis
How to identify which predictors should be included in a multiple regression?
Behavioural economics experiment - non parametric test
Two-sample location test when data is heavily skewed towards zero?
Structuring a linear mixed model in R with nesting
How do I find values not given in (/interpolate in) statistical tables?
Likelihood ratio test in R for categorical variables
Relation and difference between time series and regression?
A priori comparisons in a repeated measures design
What is the best way to control for within-group heterogeneity?
How to use rpart's result in prediction
Hypothesis test for the presence of a Gaussian signal in i.i.d additive Gaussian noise
Multilevel model by two step estimation
Providing starting values for a Generalized Linear Mixed Model with glmmPQL
Weighted standard deviation of average
Interpreting the Pearson Chi-Square test of a constant Poisson event rate over independent counting experiments
Bivariate normal distribution and its distribution function as correlation coefficient $\rightarrow \pm 1$
Influence of a time series on another one/clearing up trend or seasonality
Laplace smoothing parameter choice for Markov chain transitions
R's MANOVA homoscedasticity assumption
How do you report percentage accuracy for glmnet logistic regression?
Does it make sense to use dynamic time warping when clustering time series that all have the same length and sampling interval?
When to use sample median as an estimator for the median of a lognormal distribution?
Comparing distributions of generalization performance
Comparing 5 proportions/Post-hoc tests after $\chi^2$
Distribution in logistic regression
What are the structural rules for arc reversal in a Bayesian network?
What is the probability regression coefficient is larger than its OLS estimate
How do you interpret results from unit root tests with intercept?
Survey design chi square
Problem with linear regression coefficient
How to normalize data prior to computation of covariance matrix
How do I perform a multi-state decomposition with interaction effects?
Daily forecasting using ARIMA in R
How can I tell if my binary classifier is any good?
Repeated Measures ANOVA that is NOT fully factorial
Logistic regression with categorical response variable
Obtaining predicted probabilities that include multiple random effects from mixed effects model
Probability of a Sample Percentage Compared to Expected Percentage
Modelling zero-inflated proportion data in R using GAMLSS
Using the 'U' Matrix of SVD as Feature Reduction
Getting marginal effects after a panel oprobit regression in Stata (using gllamm package)
Is there a more precise definition of generative models?
How do I show that $(\hat{\beta_1}-\beta_1)$ and $ \bar{u}$ are uncorrelated, i.e. that $E[(\hat{\beta_1}-\beta_1) \bar{u}] = 0$?
Applying Kaplan-Meier survival function estimate to get expected number of events
Using self organizing maps for dimensionality reduction
How to analyze data from a 2x3 experiment where one cell is missing?
In cluster analysis, can you use Gower's coefficient of similarity with a k-means clustering method?
Likelihood ratio test versus AIC for model comparison
Linear vs polynomial regression
Confused with MCMC Metropolis-Hastings variations: Random-Walk, Non-Random-Walk, Independent, Metropolis
Statistical meaning of pearsonr() output in Python
How to determine quantiles (isolines?) in a multivariate normal distribution
Approximate F-test of the intercept with pbkrtest
Order of nested random effects in lme4
Difference between null distribution and sampling distribution
Indirect measurement of the distributions
Looking for agreement amongst respondents
Should I use Chi Squared/Fisher's Exact Test or McNemar's Test?
Assumptions of two-way ANOVA and k-fold cross validation
Categorical independent variables and binary dependent variable? GLM?
Kendall's coefficient of concordance (W) for ratings with a lot of ties
Conditions for positive dependence
Prioritizing data collection
What is the literal interpretation for having a very low power (~30%)?
Ljung-Box Statistics for ARIMA residuals in R: confusing test results
Translating R code about treatment into Effect size. Expected mean and variance
Predictive website analytics with irregular data points using R
In survival analysis, why do we model the hazard function instead of the survival function?
How to estimate the centroid of clustered sequences?
Is Fleiss's $\kappa$ as conservative as Cohen's $\kappa$?
Intraclass correlation coefficient interpretation
Assessing similarities in call repertoire for animal vocalizations
Is a count variable with a large, but finite, number of possible values categorical or continuous?
Multiple variable comparison line graph SPSS
In survival analysis, why do we use semi-parametric models (Cox proportional hazards) instead of fully parametric models?
How to bootstrap confidence of a weighted measure?
Confusion related to a post related to statistics in xkcd
What high level statically typed/compiled languages are good for statistical computing?
Are there useful applications of SVD that use only the smallest singular values?
Proper way to match a reference population for survival analysis
Help with repeated measures regression (in R)
Two treatments - How do I compute reliability estimates like Cronbach $\alpha$?
Reconstructing joint distribution from marginals
Distribution of deviances from logistic regression
Scoring predictions of an ordinal variable
Significant difference between difference scores of 2 groups on two measures?
Market mix modeling question
Feature selection in the training set
5-way interaction
Methods for comparing proportions in partially overlapping samples
Find k in k-means, but only between two options
Any public available evaluation frameworks for recommender systems?
Interpreting a logistic regression model with multiple predictors
Exploring a scatter-plot matrix for many variables
Validate cluster analysis in R
How to read a value-quantile diagram?
Alternatives to Cohen's d for non-Gaussian models
How to compute bias-variance components of linear models using R
Statistical measures for data validation
Two ways of using bootstrap to estimate the confidence interval of coefficients in regression
Use of R for biostatistics publications
Can I use AIC value for comparing logit and probit model where for each model the number of covariates are equal?
Regional differences on an ordinal scale
Should feature selection be performed only on training data (or all data)?
Visualising moderator effects in multiple moderator models
ICC and Kappa totally disagree
How to detect heteroskedasticity for logit panel regression in Stata?
How to test the effect of variable on spatial distribution of points in R
$n$-th order Markov model with $m$ conditional probabilities
Does a median-unbiased estimator minimize mean absolute deviance?
What to do in logistic regression if you have a huge amount of variables?
Reference on how to choose models
What distance method to use in this scenario?
Sum up uncertainty from confidence intervals in R
Transforming data for chi square -- squaring negative value difference scores?
Should I add noise to my truth data before before training my classifier?
Unordered categorical variables and linear regression
How to perform a regression on 5 years of annual observations in eviews
Inequality for trace of product of matrices given norms of the matrices
Principal Component Analysis (PCA) for binary data
Unstandardized beta with an E in it
Software to produce confidence interval error bars from summary statistics without access to the original data
Number of samples vs Number of features
Is this a correct statement of the probability chain rule?
Likelihood ratio test to compare two predictions
Why is normalizing seasonal adjustment factors done additively?
Randomized Response With Continuous Outcome
If I have many positive but insignificant results, is there a statistic that lets me say with significance at least n of these results are positive?
How to write a mathematical equation for GLM model with gamma and gaussian distribution?
Creating statistically similar sequences
Exercise 2.2 of The Elements of Statistical Learning
How do sudden spikes affect hidden Markov models
Mining survey data to discover high and low performing cohorts
How to cluster a distance matrix?
Statistics for small and unequal samples
How do I plot an exponential curve in R?
Highly significant positive binary IV: Interaction always positive too
If linear regression is related to Pearson's correlation, are there any regression techniques related to Kendall's and Spearman's correlations?
Interaction term using centered variables hierarchical regression analysis? What variables should we center?
Why is stationarity assumed in time series data?
What to do when an independent variable is not significant, but it definitely should be!
Best model for many independent variables
Kendall's tau for holdouts low and not significant - Conjoint
Motivation of Expectation Maximization algorithm
What is a dimensionless indicator?
Getting Bayes Prior
Modeling seasonality in sales time series
Model selection and cross-validation: The right way
Univariate clustering for longitudinal cohort
Significance test for categorical repeated measure data
How to combine covariate-adjusted and unadjusted standardised mean differences in meta-analysis?
Validating correctness of ranking algorithm
Differences between hierarchical regression and stepwise regression analysis
Get a desired percentage of censored observations in a simulation of Cox PH Model
Use of 3 different methods - is it the right approach?
Evaluation of methods under the null by p-value histogram
Cox proportional hazard lift gain charts
Making two equal groups from exponentially distributed data
Alternatives to the multinomial logit model
Using the self-organizing map for sequences of categorical data
How are optional stopping rules based on e.g. sample confidence (width of confidence interval) biased?
Does regression analysis measure cause and effect?
Is it necessary to check ergodicity in estimation of autocorrelation function?
Why does this density exceed 1?
Need algorithm to compute relative likelihood that data are sample from normal vs lognormal distribution
Imputation in normalized signals
How to test for Pearson correlation when one variable is fixed on date?
Fitting multiple distributions with a joint parameter
How to check the ARIMA model by simulating innovations?
A practical example for MCMC
R2, P-value, or accuracy of model?
R forecast package: How to combine fourier terms with another XREG matrix
Cross validation and computing c index
Simpson's paradox in exam question
Performing a Self-Organizing Map on multiple distance matrices in R with a better visualization
Real time ATM card fraud detection in a data warehouse based system?
Other documents features than tf-idf for clustering?
Probability of what is being predicted in glm
Generating random samples from a given distribution
Alpha inflation in the context of usability studies
Calculating standard deviation from log-normal distribution confidence intervals
Different powers of coefficient - solvable within GLM?
Logistic regression using 2 time points
Significance of correlation with only 11 datapoints
Creating summary tables / graphics in R for categorical data
Three way anova
Find a projection of a $k$-simplex with minimal radius
Hausman test: Why requirement of positive definite covariance matrix?
Why is ordering values necessary for nonparametric regression
Using correlate in Stata to compare within a variable
Nested cross validation for model selection
Piecewise linear regression with knots as parameters
LDA vs. perceptron
Variable for logistic regression is categorical and continuous so creates “missingness” in R
Why so many large p-values when I repeat an experiment?
Meaning of a portmanteau test?
Is there any intuitive meaning to the quantity P(A|B)P(B|C)?
How to model the range of variables?
Google consumer survey stats
R/caret: train and test sets vs. cross-validation?
McNemar's test with combined cell values?
How do you translate a density from Cholesky factor to density of the matrix?
Why is ARMA used to model a stationary process?
Difference between independent and non-informative censoring
Why does the scaling exponent of a power law fit change so radically when the data is scaled by a constant?
Regression with neural network
Hypothesis test with parameter uncertainty
Exception for sum of deviations from mean being 0
Building reliable glmnet model and constructing predictions
Convergence in distribution of the maximum of a sequence of random variables
Repeated measures across time, two treatment groups
Averaging correlation values from data with multiple levels?
How can I compare two ecdfs for p-values from Kolmogorov Smirnov tests if the number of samples in the two tests are different?
Maximum Likelihood question
How to determine the accuracy of logistic regression in R?
Alternative to the t-test with dependent samples
Determining influence of continuous variable on binary outcome
How do you predict probabilities for specific data in logistic regressions using R?
Three questions about support vector regression: feature pre-processing, time-series issues, and marginal accuracy contribution of each feature
Interpreting exp(b)
Under which conditions do gradient boosting machines outperform random forests?
Detecting subset of high sensitivity corresponding to genotype
Weighting data sources in a bayesian model (BUGS)
Negative binomial regression question - is it a poor model?
LME Relevelling Issue
What are the different machine learning methods that can be used for regression?
How to interpret the SPSS output for MANOVA?
Criteria for selecting the best model in a Hidden Markov Model
Difference between forecast and prediction?
Relationship between cointegration and causality in a VAR/VECM model
Calibrating time-series simulations
R neuralnet - compute give a constant answer
How to check if a data sequence is really random?
Is likelihood ratio test the only way to build hypothesis tests?
Dealing with missing data in an exponential smoothing model
Backing out the standard deviation from information on baseline mean/s.d., and coefficient mean/s.d
Iterating through test/train datasets
Martingale difference vs. sub-independence
Real world challenge: how to predict without training data
Estimating parameters of inifinite scale mixture from data
Implication for OLS of not using time component with panel data?
What is a second order stationary process?
Simulation about quantile regression
How can multiple binary diagnostic tests be best integrated to form an overall diagnosis?
How to prepare variables with mild skew for multiple regression?
Mixed model with 1 observation per level
What is wrong with teleoanalysis (if anything)?
Chi-squared distribution as sum expressed
How to predict rank in ordinal regression using R?
Citation for the weakness of sequential univariate regression?
Machine learning curse of dimensionality explained?
Item response theory vs. summative Likert scale
Adding weights for highly skewed data sets in logistic regression
Coefficient of variation to compare running time of two algorithms
Cumulative predicted probabilities in logistic regression
Adding random effect influences coefficient estimates
Does random effect always produce the same result as fixed effect?
Dealing with few instances in support vector regression
Which model should I use? Logistic regression?
AIC, anova error: Models are not all fitted to the same number of observations, models were not all fitted to the same size of dataset
Confusion related to derivation of expectation
Model and feature selection in polynomial regression
Bayesian regularized NNs over classical NNs
What to do when a Mann-Whitney U assumption is violated?
How to transform factor scores of a PCA for a regression, in SPSS?
Adverse results of clustering criteria
Hierarchical regression with partially nested variables
Rescaling columns of bootstrapped matrix when using matrix multiplication to compute correlation coefficients
Reliability engineering: Measuring the proportion of defective products at several time points using the same test units
How can I validate a logistic regression model using averaged parameter estimates?
Which test to see if two set of continuous data are comparable
Markov chain with complex state machines
Significance test for mean without assuming normality?
Within, between or overall R-square for random effects in Stata
Postive correlation but negative coefficient in regression
Gaussian Processes: How to use GPML for multi-dimensional output
McNemar-Bowker test for comparison of two measures
Why can weather prediction be so correct?
Interpretation of weights in non-linear least squares regression
SPSS: Weight cases by multiple factors, by taking the product of weights?
How to classify data having sub-instance features?
How do I get a a p-value for the output of an lme model with lme4?
How can two positive dependent correlation coefficients differ significantly without differing significantly from zero?
Whether to perform a 3 by 2 repeated measures ANOVA or three separate paired t-tests?
Prior selection for Gaussian Processes (GP)
RBM - clamping the visible units during reconstruction
Issues with using Expectation Maximization algorithm
What kind of t-test?
GLM and categorical variable R - remove one category
Comparing two lists to measure for similarity
Confusion related to derivation of the probability distribution
Questions about Likelihood Principle
Logistic regression and clustering?
GLM model validation; Patterns in residuals ? - R
How to decompose a distribution with two peaks?
Learning an interpretable model
2x2 factorial design minimal expected significant factors
Using percentiles as predictors - good idea?
How can a multiclass perceptron work?
Measuring forecast accuracy
ANOVA type for dependent samples through time
Generalizing results - what is the population?
Normalize binary features for logistic regression
Weighting FE regression with full matching
What is the belief parameter (nu)?
How do I interpret the Mann-Whitney U when using R's formula interface
How to test for differences between groups over time when N is less than the number of levels
How to measure the distance between two Bayesian networks?
Data Exploration - How To Bin Data?
The Central Limit Theorem in Quantile Estimation
auto.arima does not recognize seasonal pattern
Robust ANCOVA literature
Kmeans algorithm cyclical solution
Computing a circular-linear partial correlation
How to bootstrap for the standard error of a two sample test
Distance between the product of marginal distributions and the joint distribution
Combine several softmax output probabilities
Is a log transformation of predictors a suitable way of dealing with multicollinearity in multiple regression?
In MCMC, how is burn-in time chosen?
Omnibus test in generalized linear model in SPSS
Alternative tests for Hotelling's two-sample T-test
Factor Analysis: calculate maximum likelihood factor loadings from only the correlation (R) matrix and/or covariance (S) matrix?
DOE design matrices and orthogonality
Fisher-type unit-root test for panel data. Results interpretation in Stata
t-test on two variance calculations
How to calculate 2D standard deviation, with 0 mean, bounded by limits
Linear regression sample size advice
Using a gamm4 model to predict estimates in new data
Time series with external regressors
What is the best one-step linear predictor for a white noise?
Hausman test for panel data, fe and re. Error in the estimation, what to do? Stata
Repeated measures glmer
Confusion related to Parzen window
Similarity theory: Testing whether dimensions are separable or integral
Boosting algorithms and overfitting
Comparing components within a single time-series (physiologic data)
How can I calculate prediction error rate in logistic regression?
Why use the F distribution and F test?
Variable cost - benefit analysis on random forest
Using heckman in combination with mi estimate (Stata)
What is the proper way to compute the r-squared between a binned distribution of observed values and a continuous probability density function?
How to compute the t-ratio at 0.05 significance level?
How to correctly fill in missing values in panel data?
How to select the optimal combination of input variables for supervised learning model?
SMOTE throws error for multi class imbalance problem
Model validation of quasi-Poisson
Logistic predict.glm() function error: factor has new levels
How to visualize what canonical correlation analysis does (in comparison to what principal component analysis does)?
Confusion related to Gibbs sampling
LSA vs. PCA (document clustering)
Pairwise Mahalanobis distance
How can I sample from a correlated multivariate Bernoulli distribution with known covariances?
Confusion related to derivation of conditional distribution
Generalized estimating equation and data format
Negative binomial GLM, the most complex model always has lowest AIC (all interaction terms)
Derive percentiles from binned data
Verifying the output of implementing internal clustering validity indexes
If you run OLS regression on cross sectional data, should you test for autocorrelation in residuals?
What is the implication of unit root of MA?
User-defined contrast on Generalized Estimating Equations
HMC: How many dimensions is too many?
Bhattacharyya distance for three histograms
Categorization scheme of regression techniques
ANOVA / Kruskal-Wallis: one of four groups has different distribution
Confusion related to conditional distribution from latent variables and observations
Trend test for ratios
Chi Square Test, to include or to exclude Non-Responses?
Specific interpretation of non-significant test considering power and effect size
Which data for feature selection to get unbiased result?
Python Convex optimization
What is it called when a set of numbers are adjusted to sum to one?
Is power analysis necessary in Bayesian Statistics?
Interpretation of insignificant predictors in logistic regression model
Hierarchical classification where leaf nodes in a tree are at no particular level
How to standardize data for hierarchical clustering?
Should I test for all the OLS assumptions for a pooled OLS from panel data?
Why can $R^2$ be negative in a multiple regression that doesn't have an intercept ($\hat{\beta}_0 = 0$)?
Concerns about housing data mining
Controlling for baseline imbalance
Non-parametric tests comparing dependent samples
Anomaly/outlier detection using fuzzy clustering
Why is coefficient of determination used to assess fit of a least squares line?
How many observations do you need within each level of a random factor to fit a random effect?
Confusion related to convexity of a function
How to understand the label-bias problem in HMM?
How to model probability of a web click using bayesian modelling with constraints?
How to reconstruct the original data when using manifold learning?
Comparing weights versus time graphically with error bars
When testing CAPM why is r-squared so low?
Help on expressing a model
Sample size and power detection
How to calculate p-value for Cross-Correlation for two time series with delay?
Regression with only categorical variables
Can the general linear model be solved by generalized least squares?
How to use scikit-learn's cross validation functions on multi-label classifiers
Can PCA be extended to account for nonlinear dependencies?
Permutation test comparing a single sample against a mean
Conceptual explanation of regression coefficient?
What extra properties does assuming errors are iid have compared to assuming errors are uncorrelated and common variance
Computing similarity in LSA
Wilcoxon rank sum test in R
Why there is little improvement after including the predictors in logistic regression?
How to combine a known and unknown covariance in a linear model
Control lines that converge?
Conceptual question on pattern recognition
How to enhance the performance of naive CMDS?
Feed forward neural networks for the analysis of censored survival data, how should I implement it in R?
Why does auto.arima() give negative output?
Good methods for density plots of non-negative variables in R?
Anomaly/outlier detection using fuzzy clustering
Automatic detection of level changes in series of prices
Confusion related to EM algorithm
Convergence of neural network weights
How does I bias my standard errors estimates when I forget to correct for autocorrelation of errors?
Why does the bootstrapped correlation revolve around zero while the original correlation $\approx 0.52$?
Confusion related to HMM
How to quickly collect data (survey) from students in class?
Maximal depth of a decision tree
How to determine P-value from bootstrapped distributions?
Why could centering independent variables change the main effects with moderation?
Probabilistic latent semantic analysis - objective function
Does it make sense to use a date variable in a regression?
Bandwidth estimation in gaussian_kde in scipy
Does Levene's test assume separate samples?
Need help with some surprising classifications by naiveBayes
Probability of getting a specific Tetris piece given previous pieces
Precise meaning of and comparison between influential point, high leverage point, and outlier?
Cross-validation when there are near-duplicates in the data
Mann-Whitney for groups filled Likert scale
Difference between effect size (partial $R^2$) and coefficients
Kolmogorov-Smirnov test with estimated parameters
How to understand $E_0(\log f(x;\theta)-\log f(x;\theta_0)) \leq 0$ but $E_0(f(x;\theta)-f(x;\theta_0)) \geq 0$ in MLE?
Empirical Bayes/MCMC references
Are my variables categorical?
Variance components estimates
How and when to use the Bonferroni adjustment
Can I have a bimodal likelihood function to represent a mix of two populations?
Incidence Rate Ratio (IRR) in R from linear regression using log-transformed data?
How to get from $R$ to $R^2$ the hard way
How to test for mean and variance both affected by a variable?
Good, useful and characteristic experiments for (optimal) statistical design of experiments
How to evaluate Likert scale data changes over multiple surveys of the same group?
What test to use for qPCR time course data with multiple genes and multiple strains?
Conceptual issues in linear modeling
Is the product of multivariate lognormal distributions is multivariate lognormal distribution
Generalized method of moments versus standard least squares estimation
Is a normalized version of an exponential family distribution still an exponential family distribution?
Questions on standard deviation of a time series
Binary or multinomial logit?
Territories from observations
Dealing with least and maximum score in IRT
Unimodality of continuous univariate distributions
Friedman test to report on occurrence of categories in multiple articles
Use of Weibull model or Weibull distribution
Flat, conjugate, and hyper- priors. What are they?
How to analyse data collected in different ways
How to select cut-point for making classifications table for logistic regression?
Time-series classification - very poor results
Strong correlations masking weak correlations?
Comparing weights versus time graphically using reshape, vioplot, and ggplot2
What are efficient algorithms to compute singular value decomposition (SVD)?
Fitting a multilevel model to data from an experiment with between- and within-subjects factors
Is a mixed effects model necessary, or can glm take into account repeated measures?
Multicollinearity and regression intercept
Is the fixed effect in a fixed effect model a random variable or not?
Regression and variable with errors modelling problem
How to use test set data if model has been built using a training set transformed with PCA?
Does Inference include estimation or only testing?
When does quantile regression produce biased coefficients (if ever)?
Holt Winters initialization using backcasting like SPSS
Does dimension reduction always lose some information?
A question on Bayesian Search
PAM with Gower distance matrix
SVM Prediction with instances with missing features
Difficulty in understanding a vector quantization algorithm
How to model the probability of an event occurring on a given day when it must occur once in a set of 10 days?
WinBUGS: Multiple definitions of a node
How to run a Granger Causality Test with Stata
Analysis with complex data, anything different?
Entropy of (Sum of Gaussians) versus Sum of (Entropy of Gaussians)
Meaning of Likelihood in layman's terms
What causes perfect prediction but no significant predictors in logistic regression?
Different histograms for same data in R and Oracle Crystal Ball
Shrinkage Estimator for Newey-West Covariance Matrix
Location, scale, and shape parameters of the lognormal (with notation ambiguity)
Methods of dealing with non-independent data in ordinations
Partial $\eta^2$ for repeated measures ANOVA (with R's car package)
How to estimate a model with fixed and random effects for a long panel dataset?
Intercept significant but not the variables in GLM
What is a variance component model?
Understanding output of MatchIt in R
Microarray data: suggestions on Feature selection + Model training scheme?
Aggregate vs. firm-level regressions - How can the regression coefficients differ that much?
Estimating p-value of a very rare event using Monte Carlo
Poor forecast results of a state space model
Can I use a two proportion z-test?
Why do random effect models require the effects to be uncorrelated with the input variables, while fixed effect models allow correlation?
How to measure the strength of association between binary variables where the majority of values is zero?
Forecasting a non-binomial number
How to analyse a Likert-type scale with a very small sample size (n=15)?
Regression model of large, correlated, heavy-tailed data
Why can't I use the variance of the sample average in the Central Limit Theorem for the weak-stationary process?
How to assess whether students' responses to a test are affected by changing the format of the test
Can the likelihood function in generalized linear model be written in terms of the model parameter and the input variable?
How to assess the effect of optimisation on software performance improvement based on five trials with and without optimisation?
Statistical interpretation of Maximum Entropy Distribution
interpretation of correlation matrix of regression coefficients in Cox regression?
Methods to combine ( e1071 svm ) models in R to generate a more complete, accurate model
How to fit a discrete distribution to count data?
How do choices of probabilities and covariance matrices constrain each other for a correlated multivariate Bernoulli random variable?
Can holdout validation be systematically biased?
Maximum Likelihood Curve/Model Fitting in Python
How to test for changes in 6 yes / no questions assessed before and after treatment
How to measure a classifier's performance when close to 100% of the class labels belong to one class?
Comparing scatterplots with lots of points
Calculation of AUC value from ROC Curve
Runs test for randomness for k elements
Is there a word for the phenomenon that the old are generally less affected by risk factors?
Variable importance for SVM regression and averaged neural networks
Correlation vs. causality
Is there any PDF which satisfies the following criteria?
Compare 2 regression lines in R
How do you get p-values for predictors in a Cox regression analysis in R?
Significant difference between AIC in generalized mixed models
Question about foundations of the uniform shrinkage prior
Procedure to sample from an integrated marginal
Predicting the next few numbers
Kullback-Leibler divergence of two normal distributions
Data transform introducing a bias in kriged geostatistical model?
Has anyone written a package in R to calculate diagnostic plots after clogit (conditional logistic regression)? e.g. leverage
Calculating composite scores of abilities
Meta-analysis: dealing with bias with a small number of studies
Motivation behind random forest algorithm steps
How do I compute a prediction interval from generalized estimating equation output?
Difference between quasi-likelihood estimating equations, IEE and GEE?
How to approach prediction of new observations with incomplete data from model built from complete data
Stouffer's Z-score method: what if we sum Z^2 instead of Z?
Adding proportions as features to logistic regression
How do SOMs reduce dimensionality of data?
Bounding expected maximum of inner products
Does talking about a probability of future events make you a Bayesian?
Generating non-homogeneous spatial Gaussian data
How to apply neural networks on multi-label classification problems?
Gentler approach to Bayesian statistics
Lesser known but powerful probabilistic inference algorithms
Why such a poor result from sparse PCA R package?
How to specify the Wishart distribution scale matrix
What is the standard procedure for evaluating a user-based CF algorithm with a dataset offline?
Significant difference between two groups in a right /wrong quiz
Interpreting a simple linear regression coefficient scaled by the mean of y?
What can I say about my logistic regression output?
Expected value of a multinomial distribution
Basic epidemiological models in R
Definition of autocorrelation time (for effective sample size)
identifying events (patterns) that occur before an event of interest using sequence of events data
Interpreting F, p, & partial eta squared from an ANOVA
What to do if a covariate is collinear in one model but not in another
What exactly is the proportion of variability explained?
Interpreting weights from Fisher linear discriminant analysis
Analysis of repeated measures when fixed effect changes within-subjects?
Issues with fitting a variogram
What is the name of this chart, and is there an online tool to create one?
Finding interaction between several factors and multiple dependent variables
Confidence interval for Uniform($\theta$, $\theta + a$)
Market Basket Analysis: comparing rules between two models
Comparison negative binomial model and quasi-Poisson
Questions about the order statistics of uniform distributions
Chi-square of a sample with respect to a known population's marginal distribution?
Open source libraries in Science
Why is it difficult to incorporate uncertainty in random effects when making predictions from mixed models?
how to generate samples with the given autocorrelation function
Likelihood-ratio test for different distributions
Record linkage: Weighting matches by estimate of match quality
Does event A predict event B?
Relationship between regressing Y on X, and X on Y in logistic regression
Frequency on Tbats function in R
When using the exreg argument in auto.arima in R, is the main series still being used as a predictor?
Understanding multinomial distribution
Should covariates that are not statistically significant be 'kept in' when creating a model?
Correlated/dependent random variables
Fitting survival/hazard model to probability of default
How to do external validation of regression models
How to show that $\mathrm{mgf}$ $M(s)$ and $\mathrm{pgf}$ $P(s)$ are related?
What kind of statistical test could help show this?
In what settings would confidence intervals not get better as sample size increases?
Correlation and categorical variables
Maximum risk and sparse estimation
Is effect size (Cohen's d) scale data or just ordinal?
Relating lifetime risk to prevalence of a disease
Hausman test - wrong conclusion
How to calculate SE for the ratio of two proportions?
Estimating the autocorrelation function with some noisy observations
Posterior probability - change in Beta hyperparameters
How to compute K and n? [Item-based Collaborative Filtering]
Sample variance robustness
Constructing confidence intervals for predictive model
Pairwise Correlations--Multiple Comparison Correction
Why is r-squared so small when there does seem to be a dependency in my data?
Example of Stochastic Order
Credible interval for Bayesian posterior of variance and mean, and posterior predictive of normal
Is alpha cumulated in ordinal regression?
Meaning of design in design matrix?
Interpreting plot of PCA results (from 3 to 2 dimensions)
How to visualise equal in distribution in the context of stochastic dominance?
How to test whether linear models fit separately to two groups are better than a single model applied to both groups?
Confusion related to estimation of nugget
ANOVA interaction term non-significant but post-hoc tests significant
Seemingly unrelated regression and multivariate Regression
Using Pandas and statsmodels for ordinary least squares
Predict near future data from another correlated data source that varies quicker
Random forest is overfitting?
Confusion related to Gaussian Markov Random field
Robust estimation of mean with small sample size
How do I calculate confidence intervals for a linear combination of coefficients of a logistic regression?
How to handle high dimensional feature vector in probability graph model?
Method to jointly estimate Logit and OLS models
Removing a 'trend in variance' from a time series
How to recover the underlying observations from the noisy ones using gaussian processes
Is there a numerical solution to a mixture model of two normal distributions?
Maximum likelihood estimation get biased by fat-tail samples identifying mixture model of 2 normal distributions
Visualizing data - design idea
Comparing four correlation coefficients
Is there a test to determine whether GLM overdispersion is significant?
Median bootstrap
How to create a synthetic data set of your population or universe from a survey sample?
coxph ran out of iterations and did not converge
Feature importance scores of SVM multiclass one-vs-one design
Regression forest: Leaf node and information gain
How to include GAM response error in a Monte Carlo simulation
Methods for cross-sectional twin data (GEE, mixed effects modeling, GLMM)?
Fitting a distribution to sample data
Words that estimate numerical proportions of a group
Creating a meaningful statistic measure for physical geography
Generate pairs of random numbers uniformly distributed and correlated
Handling borderline cases of the proportional hazards assumption
Converting (normalizing) very small likelihood values to probability
What can be concluded from small sample size?
Covariates considered moderator or control variables?
Model averaging - models with different covariates
Is there a statistical justification for removing items from a scale with good reliability?
How to interpret output of CVlm() in R?
Odds ratio for no. of hypertensives in different age groups
How to find almost identical records in dataset using an algorithm (for plotting purposes)?
What are the assumptions for multivariate outlier detection using Minimum Covariance Determinant (MCD)
Power analysis for moderator effect and mediation analysis
Problems with SEM: Non-positive definite matrix
A Bayesian perspective on omitted-variable bias (and other covariate-selection bias problems)
One time series tends toward the (linear) function of another time series, how to find that function?
Missing values for different dependent variables
Forecasting with large, high frequency dataset
Does trigram guarantee to perform more accurately than bigram?
Confused with basic time series terminology
How to design a 2-level fractional factorial experiment given some prior knowledge
How do difference-in-difference designs account for temporal autocorrelation
How do I estimate the mean of a variable for different groups by controlling for age, gender, education...?
SEM: Do I still have to look at the fit of measurement models when overall fit is good?
How to think of features in NLP problems
Recommendations for first time teacher (Intro to Biostatistics)
What is the quantity risk in survival analysis?
Why does the hazard ratio represent the magnitude of distance between the Kaplan-Meier plots?
Permutation test where Xi stays with Yi, but the calculation that results in Xi is permuted
Systematic way of deriving minimax lower bounds using Fano's inequality
Why does SPSS create false means in my clustered bar chart?
Confusion related to gaussian processes
Confidence interval vs Significance level question
Whitening a dataset with fewer observations than variables
Confusion related to derivation of posterior of gaussian processes
How is the working correlation matrix estimated for GEE?
Comparing employee sales monthly data despite regional differences
Interpreting main effects in the presence of an interaction between other variables
Predicting count data (clicks) based on the words used in a title
Confusion related to predictive distribution of gaussian processes
Is it valid to compare 'time to separation of curves' between 2 Kaplan-Meier curves?
Conditional probability with independent events
Bayesian Belief Network - directions of arcs between nodes
Statistical test to compare different treatments over time
Determining suitable time lag in Granger causality test
Why don't my cluster-robust (panel-robust) standard errors match those in Stata? (solved)
Validating logistic regression - formulas needed for simulation
What is the difference between Visualization and BI Visualization?
Best way to simply store data for statistical analysis in R
Is MANOVA appropriate?
Interpolation of spectra: uneven sampling to even sampling
Cumulative / Cumulative Plot (or Visualizing a Lorenz Curve)
Calculate CDF of Binomial Distribution
Do I need a balanced sample (50% yes, 50% no) to run logistic regression?
Comparing multiple incidence rates
Random forest vs regression
Confusion related to ordinary kriging
Calculate odds ratio confidence intervals from plink output?
Residuals: marginal or conditional? Raw, Studentized, or Pearson?
Power of a hypothesis test
Using simpler models in place of more generalized and complex models
Attainable correlations for exponential random variables
Calculating distances in SAS PROC CLUSTER method=centroid
Matrix singularity issues with gaussian variogram
Where does the offset go in Poisson/negative binomial regression?
Binary Models (Probit and Logit) with a Logarithmic Offset
Topic modeling for grouped data
Maximum Entropy and Multinomial Logistic Function
Publication bias in meta-analysis of diagnostic accuracy in R?
Which statistical topics to teach in European Studies study programme?
Why is Moran's I not equal to -1 in perfectly dispersed point pattern
Denormalize value after prediction
Issues with ordinary kriging
Forecasting hourly time series with daily, weekly & annual periodicity
Weighted generalized regression in BUGS, JAGS
Why does my ROC curve look like this (is it correct?)
Confused about meaning of rule
Imputation using imputed data
Prediction of a binary variable
Instrumental variable Tobit in R
Predicting ecommerce variables based on visitation data - R or Python
Are clusters in social sciences globular?
Permutation test to compare correlations
Standard errors of hyperbolic distribution estimates using delta-method?
How to choose the number of trees in a generalized boosted regression model?
Random number generation and probability
Averaging precision and recall when using cross validation
Factor analysis across different levels of data aggregation
Confusion related to adding noise to a gaussian data
Quantifying heterogeneity
How do we pass from proportionality back to equality in a Bayesian derivation?
How can I assign a quality to a regression based on the number of data points?
What is the sampling distribution of a sum of scores?
How to handle differences of neocortical parcellations between groups
Trap 66 in WinBUGS in a hierarchical Bayesian modeling
Group Classification for uni-variate Data R
Apply double non-negative constrain on Sparse PCA
State-dependent independence in graphical models
Ideal learning sample in machine learning
Balanced incomplete block design
Paired-sample t test for usability scores
Hypothesis testing of latent factors - CFA or something else?
Binary classification on imbalance data with missing values and almost equal dimensions?
Normalizing variables '0_1' looks better than z-scores in R
recommenderlab, why does the similarity function return only 0's and 1's?
Regarding the formula of using $\text{P}(Y|X)$ to compute $\text{E}[X]$
How to report result from two-way repeated measures ANOVA?
Axes on PCA-Biplot
ARIMA Models in R, implementing in C
Absolute risk and prevalence?
Measure for the uniformity of a distribution
In R, why are residuals of lm() and summary(lm()) different when using weights for the regression?
What are typically encountered condition numbers in social science?
What is the manifold assumption in semi-supervised learning?
Top-coded survey data
Confidence intervals for bootstrap and FPC
Understanding detailed balance condition
How are the standard errors computed for the fitted values from a logistic regression?
Are there some nice introductions to IDI, NRI, biomarker validation?
Specific questions: Statistical tests, fair analysis
Intuition for recursive least squares
System missing data
What's the difference between Hedges' g and Cohen's d?
How to model multivariate input and multivariate output?
nlme beginner question
Negative correlation between regression residual and predicted value
Distributed K Nearest Neighbor using RHadoop
Interpretation of null and alternative hypotheses
Difference between fixed effects models in R (plm) and Stata (xtreg)
How to cluster time series?
Help with unbalanced 2-factor ANOVA in R
Hypothesis testing of normal distributions when mean and range on variance is known
Stationarity and homoscedasticity in break tests
Exercise of Hypothesis Testing
Growth models for a population
Interpretation of the range parameter in a Gaussian Process
Results of bootstrap reliable?
Variance and covariance of binary data
How to include prior knowledge that a model might be able to figure out itself
Calculate Variance for Exponential Distribution
Combining sensitivity and specificity to measure classification performance
t-test or not, independent or not
Does thetaf() in the forecast package in R detect seasonality?
Confused by Derivation of Regression Function
Difference between probabilistic modeling and statistical modeling
Is there any shortcut in SAS to interpret Limited Probability Model coefficients?
Computing P-value
Un-transformable Seemingly Continuous Data? If not, What to Do With Non-Parametric Test Results - What is the Next Action?
Non-linear mixed effects regression in R
Interpretation of Bayesian 95% prediction interval
IRLS working weights proportional odds
Estimation and comparison of flowering curves
Item ranking algorithm
Regression with sequence as predictor
Significance test for randomly generated task
Unexpected correlation, Method to account for the shared variance
Generate two categorical variables with a certain association?
How can two different experiments be compared when they have different controls?
Prizes awarded in statistics, data mining and machine learning
Right or wrong controls
Deploying survival model for production
Partitioning Around Medoids
SEM: Is there a way to constrain the standardized path coefficients to be equal in Mplus?
Logistic regression diagnostics when predictors all have skewed distributions
SEM: Collinearity between two latent variables that are used to predict a third latent variable
Test selection for group comparison
The X quantile of the difference between two RV's
Is binary logistic regression the right choice?
Discrepancy between ANOVA analyses
Generating and verifying uniformly distrubuted orthogonal matrices
Efficient generation of chi random variables
Is chi-squared the right method to compare time periods?
LRT yielding a test statistic with extreme behavior
What factor loading is recommended to retaining items in a factor analysis?
Brier versus AIC
Symmetrised Kullback - Leibler divergence
Best way to convey highly skewed data
Hypothesis test for population rather than for sample
What are the case studies in public health policy research where unreliable/confounded/invalid studies or models were misused?
Compare mean effect of one predictor based on another predictor
Measuring how close a given sample distribution is to an ideal distribution
AIC and likelihood function applied to a dataset
In maximum likelihood, pattern matrix, one case $>1.0$
Testing equality of relative frequency ratio in binomial sample
Time series and cross correlation
Suitable analysis for my data...?
ZScore threshold and low values time-series
Test for equal variability in mixed model setting
Recommendations for mathematical multivariate statistics with exercises
Assumptions of linear regression
Independence of real and imaginary parts of the scalar product of multivariate complex normal vectors
Alternative for mi impute intreg
Paired t-test or Independent t-test
Should a non-significant adjustment variable be kept in a regression model?
Fit distribution to estimate the probability of data less than a value beyond the range of the sample
Deriving the ordinary kriging equations with noisy data
Compare means - heterogeneous variance, non-normal
Correct order of performing imputation and variable selection
R language how to access wts of a class objects nnet
Expected number I will be on after drawing cards until I get an ace, 2, 3, and so forth
Estimating noise variance
Assigning values to missing data for use in binary logistic regression in SAS
ANOVA in R effect of variables on one another
Violin plots interpretation
Using a general linear model to perform z-test
Do multinomial and binomial tests belong to G tests?
Model selection aimed at making misfit statistically insignificant
What exactly does a non-parametric test accomplish & What do you do with the results?
What is smoothing in gaussian processes
Accounting for seasonality when using gradient boosting
How to calculate simple CDF like Wolfram Alpha, but locally?
Sample size for segmentation validation
Completely random or structured selection of receipients for an A/B mailing
Uncertainty propagation in linear interpolation
SE of RMSE in R
Decaying effect of IV over DV. How to analyze?
Correlation not significant - interpretation?
Pearson correlation of 3 variables
Confidence Intervals for the Mean of the Poisson Distribution 9-19 methods coded as an R package
Transformation of Martingale Differencce
Determining an optimum and distribution range for a given species abundance vs an environmental gradient data
Method to find pattern
Confusion matrix of random Forest doesnot match predicted probabilities on train data
how to partition the variance explained at group level and individual level
Why are my p-values different from Stata's?
Calculate LOO-AUC values using glmnet
Why Does This Rule Hold: $P(X>F)=1-P(X<F-1)$?
A joint model for two continuous outcomes
strange probability from pbinom() in R
Non-overlapping state and measurement covariances in Kalman Filter
Testing for differences in very small proportions
Two slopes between 0 and 1, neither different from 0, could they be different from each other?
Significance testing of A/B test with poisson distribution
Decision tree and missing values
Very large theta values using glm.nb in R - alternative approaches?
Which equation will give me meaningful insight?
Identifying and quantifying variables (predictors) to understand the relationship
Box-Cox transformation for residuals in R
Where to get started in data analysis
Are direct Monte Carlo and Markov Chain Monte Carlo equivalent?
How to test for multicollinearity among dummy explanatory variables?
How to determine if my sample size is large enough
PLS-DA with binary predictors in R (package mixOmics)
How do you constrain variogram estimates to be a percentage?
Definition of Conditional Probability with multiple conditions
Transform log posterior probabilities for Bayesian model averaging
Hypothesis Testing with Big Data
Relations between probabilities of almost independent random variables
Decorrelating two image maps
Nested, Stratified Ratios
Partitioning the appropriate error term in a repeated measures R
What are some Bayesian alternatives to the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test?
PCA, LDA (Linear Discriminant Analysis), proportion of variance
Principal component analysis in 3D Scatterplot
How many observations are taken for a pseudo-sample when bootstrapping?
Aggregating predicted probabilities from a classifier
What is the name/relevant details of this exponential-family related structure?
ARIMA forecasting book data sets R
Shall I use weekly or monthly data for forecast?
The effective sample size from WinBUGS results
Weighted Wilcoxon ranksum test
What is the $\mu^2$ squared effect size?
How to prove independence in the following case?
Can saved regression factor scores be used to test for normality in spss and used for further analysis?
In R, how to sample from the output of combn(a,b) if the a choose b is too large?
Endogeneity in spatially lagged regression model
What is the initial partition for k-means in R?
Determining which scale items to use for further analysis
How to visualize the low-rank visualization result?
What is the appropriate model for underdispersed count data?
Is my sample representative of the population I am trying to measure?
Dimensionality reduction with self organizing map
Fisher's exact test in 3x2 contingency table
How to testing the probability of two factors being found together?
how to assess multilevel model assumptions using residual plots
Writing out the log likelihood for a mixed effects model with multiple variance components
Determine significant transitions in data values
Issue of multiple scaling method
Calculate pseudo-$R^2$ from R's zero-inflated negative binomial regression
Results of bootstrap reliable (hyperbolic distribution)?
Pooled logistic regression with irregular intervals
Multiple linear regression where explanatory variables almost always equal 0
Volume of the 95% confidence ellipsoid
Normalization to control
Can I split my data into several groups to be rated by various participants?
In multiple regression, a coefficient gets opposite sign in subsample than in the full sample
Out-of-bag estimate biased by correlated features
Multimodal data - where does one tail end and the other begin?
Machine learning for multi-level response
Confusion related to which transformation to use
Five different groups
Latent variable model where latent variable is in [0,1]
Does the beta distribution have a conjugate prior?
How can I tabulate (data layout) the following randomized block design?
When does make practical sense to provide a confidence interval lower than 50%?
Confidence interval for predicted probabilities
Weighted Least Squares for NMF on concatenated images of different sizes
Which confidence intervals should be used?
Exploratory factor analysis and latent variable measuring actual use
Linear regression with fat-tailed errors
Is it possible to conduct a regression if all variables are ordinal?
Goodness of fit for possibly dependent data
Coefficient of variation of the product of a random variable and a constant
Confidence with probability values
How do I handle a normal distribution with peaks at each end?
Function of an efficient estimator?
How to do centering if I have a quadratic term?
Why doesn't ML point estimate equal MAP point estimate even though I'm using uniform prior?
Measuring significance of differences in coefficients of regression models - same independents used to predict different independents
Bootstrapping residuals: Am I doing it right?
Why do two equivalent approaches to selecting numbers that sum to 100 produce different results
How to diagonalize a covariance matrix into Identity matrix
How to calculate the specific Standard Error relevant for a specific point estimate within a linear regression?
Skewed data with many zeros: Simple and multiple regression
How do I calculate random baseline?
Finding the experimental region of a linear model
Unbiasedness condition in ordinary kriging and simple kriging
sum of noncentral Chi-square random variables
How to use Viterbi algorithm for multiple chain HMM?
Maximum entropy and non-informative distribution
compare binary responses with ties
permutation/bootstrapping for testing difference of difference
Bayesian random walk: updating on samples from posterior
Why do we use a one-tailed test [F-test] in analysis of variance (ANOVA)?
R - Calculate trendline and extend it for 365 days automatically
Parametric or non-parametric test?
When to use gamma GLMs?
Calculate mean of ordinal variable
lme() - returns incorrect Residual (within group) variance
Why {glmnet} can be calculated parameters for all category?
ROC and multiROC analysis: how to calculate optimal cutpoint?
How to write an regression equation with mediation?
Should weights of neural network without hidden layer match logistic regression?
Measuring prediction quality given discrete predictions of a continuous dependent variable
How can I group numerical data into naturally forming brackets? (e.g. income)
Measure for temporal spread
Incorporating the effect of sample size in maximum likelihood estimation
What is the official name of the simple stepwise CDF estimation
Missing data: generalized estimating equations and generalized linear mixed models
How would you frame this as a machine learning problem?
What is model adequacy checking in ANOVA?
Variance-covariance matrix of the parameter estimates wrongly calculated?
Likelihood of multiple event times modeled as independent Poisson processes
The vcov function cannot be applied?
Proper methods for this case of repeated measures?
How to translate the output from an lm() fit with a cubic spline into a regression equation
Pre-post Logistic regression
Is excess mass estimation smooth enough to bootstrap? At what rate might a bunching estimator converge?
Using sequential observations to perform online prediction
How to Code the Variance-Stabilized Bootstrap-t Method for Confidence Intervals
Ways to compare ordered binary datasets?
Predicted Responses as Weighted Averages: Classical Regression Vs. Mixed Effect Models
To what extent can statistics improve patient's treatment?
Sum of two independent Student t variables with same dof is t distributed?
How does this trick for estimating bit error rate break down?
How to generalize Particle Filters (w.r.t. multiple states)
Understanding of GLM
Gibbs sampling in document clustering
Research using basic OLS methods
In SPSS two factor ANOVA, how to compare control groups across other factors?
AR(1) process with heteroscedastic measurement errors
Is the logistic regression model integrable into the potential outcome framework?
Finding a sufficient statistic
Repeated measures ANOVA for an experiment with missing values
Valid way to highlight trends in growing data set
Comparing the ratios of occurrences
Implementing MCMC
One sided p value in a crossover trial
Online learning to maximize profit
Plot prediction for covariates from GLM
How to estimate 95% confidence limit based on maximum likelihood estimation
A question from a test in statistics?
Derivation of the Satterthwaite appproximation
What is the min_density parameter in scikit-learn Random Forest/ExtraTrees for?
Grubbs outlier test
Additional parameter adds entropy to the centre of the density function
How to standardize data in Excel (mean = 0, SD = 1)
Understanding measure concentration inequalities
How to compute the prediction variance from Relevance Vector Machine regression
How is the sample size determined for a test?
Hausman test: Include or not year effects and/or interaction variables
How to calculate confidence intervals using subsampling after a nonparametric estimator about the empirical distribution function?
Outlier detection/imputation - discussion
Partitional vs. hierarchical clustering with distance matrix
Bootstrap residuals: Wild vs Block Bootstrap?
How to analyze repeated measurements in two matched but unequal samples
Outputting only p-value for ANOVA in R
Is there a population size limit for using the R package Demography when doing stochastic population forecasting
Effects of Re-coding a regression
poor prediction performance from (WEKA) classifiers
Is there a law that says if you do enough trials, rare things happen?
Can you do a paired t test in SPSS or GraphPad with only means, errors and N?
Unpaired repeated measures data
Is there an R package to check the proportional odds assumpion?
Is the notion of 'no-effect' flawed?
Graphic representation of data
Equivalence between Elastic Net formulations
Reducing variables and correlated variables in a dataset
Equi-probable sampling in R using the prob argument in sample()?
Regression techniques similar to Kriging/Gaussian process regression
Suggestions for clustering ordinal, non-normal data (unsupervised)
Perfect sampling from a huge dataset
Interpretation of logistic regression intercept with one dummy coded categorical variable
Is the expected value a valid decision-making method in a very short term?
lme: random effects for replicated growth curves
Monotonically increasing transformation function
Extracting regularization path from glmnet
Appropriate distance measures
How to compare two groups when one only has one data point?
Comparing nonlinear regression coefficients from independent datasets
AIC & number of parameters
Kernel regression with monotonicity constraints
How to simulate an unreplicated factorial design?
Conditional/normalized multiple imputation
How to use prior probability in inferencing from HMM for activity recognition?
Creating a Quality Index
Multivariate Quadrant Probability
Robust standardization of data
Poisson probability question
which distributions have high Fat Tail Ratio?
Parameter selection in multiple kernel learning
Caret and coefficients (glmnet)
How to know whether a set of Likert items form two scales using SPSS? How to assess the relationship between these two scales?
Problems in scale Bayesian network mode using R
Use lag operators with interaction term, is it correct?
When using linear regression analysis to get the fitted values of an outcome, why do the more extreme values tend to be predicted closer to the mean?
Is logistic regression still valid where there are repeated measurements and generalized estimating equations is the real deal?
How can I update a Bayesian network model given new data on only a subset of the variables in the original model?
Using Poisson family for log+1 counts in GLM
Averaged vs. Combined k-fold cross validation and leave-one-out
Fast algorithms to train a perceptron / neural network / ANN
Alternatives to stepwise logistic regression with LARGE datasets
Inference for between group differences (with non-linear time component, outliers and mixed effects)
Sample variance Fisher consistency
How do I forecast a timeseries of data using GARCH(1,1)?
Multiple mediation model suitable?
Looking for pointers on calculating error bounds
What are operational (true) validities?
Equal number of training instances of each classification label?
Different p-values for anova() and summary() in glm.nb
longitudinal correlation in SPSS
how to compare partial ratings of a set of data by different groups of participants?
Does down-sampling change logistic regression coefficients?
MGF technique for exponential / Chisquared
How to select the degree of polynomial multiple regression?
Extract data points from moving average?
Finite population correction factor and bootstrapped-quantile confidence intervals
How to sample from a discrete distribution?
Explanation for unstable lasso regression coefficients?
Estimating model error in $k$-nearest neighbours with strongly spatially autocorrelated training data
Clarification needed in finding correlation by PCA
Supervised learning : How did they find the Cost function to minimize?
Estimate Survival Function from hazard function --- an inconsistent result between basehaz and survfit function
Understanding the one-way ANOVA effect size in scipy
Main effect required for time-varying covariate?
Should one use separate samples for factor analysis and for the analysis the follows (regression etc.)
On average, how many times will I obtain a six by rolling a die N times?
Pitfalls in experimental design: Avoiding dead experiments
How to determine appropriate sample size?
How to handle categorical predictors with too many levels?
Machine Learning System Design: a practical advice
How to get the values ​​of the probability density of a given data using R? The goal is to get the values of the function not the graph
Significance: p-value or t-value?
Distribution of the hyperbolic distance between random points in the Poincaré disc
Differentiation and dimensionality reduction
Can I select a subset of predictor variables without using step()?
What is the criterion of model validation?
F test and categorical variables
Doing CFA on a known theoretical model, but having problems with convergent and discriminant validity
How does simulation work
The gamma distribution and Poisson processes
How to include level-2 variables in a random intercept model when fitting HLM with lme4?
Is my parameter estimate significant or not?
Rolling out trial in phases, but not stepped wedge
Optimization parameter for classification
Are the conclusions we draw from comparing two distributions correct?
Inflated p-value after adjusting for covariates, in GWAS
Visualising a linear model with 6 predictors in R
Expected value of item in a sorted list of integers
Python packages for numerical data imputation
stepped wedge and additive intervention effects
When should you call it PCO vs. PCA
Function of random variables
Significant difference between two variables given a third
Naive Bayesian class probability greater than one
Caveats with logistic regression for an expected utility computation?
Bound for Arithmetic Harmonic mean inequality for matrices?
Is analysis of existing data always exploratory, or can it be used for hypothesis testing?
Why don't statisticians use mutual information as a measure of association?
How to predict demand from historical continuous event data (date, lat, lon)?
Methods for randomly allocating people between active and placebo in clinical trials
Managing the experiment loop - experiment organization tool
SEM: Robustness of fit indices (CFI, TLI and RMSEA) when data are non-normal
Comparing the mean of several exponentially distributed variables
Alternatives to ratios of counts if denominators can be zero
E-step in EM-algorithm using MAP estimate (mixed Markov models), what does it calculate?
2 WAY ANOVA if groups are missing
Deep dive into recall, precision and threshold calculations in R
Exogenous regressors in panel unit root test
Detecting statistically significant clustering of continuous values
Boxplot interpretation: is it correct that a boxplot is missing a whisker?
Measuring entropy for event sequences?
Correlation or independence on contingency table for large N
Can there be endogeneity?
Are categorical variables standardized differently in penalized regression?
Cross validation - how many samples?
Basic question about Fisher Information matrix and relationship to Hessian and standard errors
p-value of the normal distribution
What does an infinite AIC mean and what can be done about it?
Whitening a mixture of Gaussians
Are pairwise-convex cost functions also globally-convex?
Fitting different models to my data in R
Fieller's Theorem Degrees of Freedom
Negative binomial - likelihood ratio and likelihood ratio chi-squared
Time series forecast by Principal Component Analysis
Analysis of negative binomial distributions using glm.nb() in R
Contours containing a given fraction of $(x,y)$ points
Understanding the variance of random effects in lmer() models
Averaging Correlations
Should percentiles of one set of samples from a distribution wrt another set be uniformly distributed?
Gamma and exponential distributions
In which situation does the log-rank test have low power?
degrees of freedom in ARIMA model
Quadratic programming when the matrix is not positive definite
Support Vector Machines and Recommender Algorithms
Using Mutual Information for Binary Logistic Regression Variable Selection
Identifying clusters/ordination based on correlation statistic?
Simulation vs analytic methods to forecast time series process
Descriptive statistics for dates
Variable selection for linear regression using robust or least squares estimation
Correlation between scale and categorical variable
Absolute convergence requirement for Expectation
Fuzzy Record Linkage of Spatial Datasets
Comparative Sentence Classification
How to derive variance-covariance matrix of coefficients in linear regression
Issues with using glmnet package for MATLAB
Paired permutations for three samples?
Two independent variables both correlate with the dependent variable, but none are significant in a regression analysis
Two player dice game probability
How do programs like BUGS/JAGS automatically determine conditional distributions for Gibbs sampling?
Calculating the size of Type 1 error, Type 2 error and power of the test
Relating a sum to the standard deviation
Performing all-possible regressions in R
Multivariate regression for 100 binary output variables
Needle-in-a-haystack Regularized Regression
Computing document similarity in latent semantic analysis
Implementing linear regression with standardization
Calculating I-squared (in meta-analysis, given tau-squared)
Are random effects justified if there is no variability between groups?
How should sampling ratios to estimate quantiles change with population size?
Using R, how can I plot survival curves of Cox PH model with time-varying covariates?
Outlier detection: at which degree of class imbalance would you consider a one-class model over a two-class model
Is it good to use a logistic reg if I combine many factors into p and many other into 1-p?
Skewed classification results
What is the difference between coupled HMM's viterbi algorithm and tranditional HMM's viterbi algorithm?
Accepted threshold to use for accepting results after empirically estimating a FDR from repeated randomization of the original data set?
Sample from continuous uniform distribution with open interval
Regression with correlated explanatory variables
Features selection by filter methods for multivariate time series
Prey preference - can I use a paired t- or wilcoxon test?
Linear combination of processes yielding higher order of integrarion
check if the numbers belong to the same cluster
AR(1) coefficient is correlation?
Hidden extrapolations in linear regression
How would I calculate statistical significance for a range?
predict.glmnet test data
Selection of regressors
how to shape the dataframe for mlogit in R
Expert forecasting software evaluation
Different Parameter Estimates of SAS and Minitab for Unreplicated Factorial Designs
If I compare conditions within two preexisting groups is that a quasi-experimental design?
How to tell if a sample comes from a distribution with infinite mean?
Performance evaluation of auto.arima in R and UCM on one dataset
Johansen test loading matrix
How can two data sets have the same power?
Visualizing intersections between online communities
How do I find data to show whether a shaved die is really loaded?
How to sample from an exponential distribution using rejection sampling in PHP
Reducing size of dataset to a fixed size - retaining maximum information in all dimensions
Normalize the ratio predictor variable by logit or not?
how to robustly identify a floor trendline ignoring outliers?
Probability that $n$ random points lie on semicircle
Detecting varying time rates
What to input into Wilcoxon rank sum test when three pre and three post measurements are compared?
Clustering of documents that are very different in number of words
Converting odds ratios to Cohen's d for meta analysis
Is it OK to use correlated variables for cluster analysis?
What is the significance of the PDF's value at a certain point?
How to test relationship between categorical and numerical variables
Feature selection using correlation
Can explanatory variables be non-Gaussian?
Correlation between two variables measured on a “strongly agree” to “strongly disagree” scale
Choosing an appropriate minibatch size for stochastic gradient descent (SGD)
Conditional Expectaction 3 variables
Count regression model Results
KS test Enquiry in R?
Testing for equality of variance - with repeated measures?
Difference between multinomial logit regression and multinomial logistic regression
Is the following property for positive random variables fulfilled in general?
Weights argument in glmer(), proportion data
Identifying below-average units in a Poisson model
LASSO in R for variable selection: how to choose the tuning parameter
Adjusted $R^2$ & F test are not shown in regression with robust standard errors in Stata
Testing independence on multivariate categorical data
mixed effect model for method comparison of time series of paired measurements
Determine precision of average estimated with MCMC
How to handle empty groups in a repeated measurements two way ANOVA
Do methods based on trimmed means require homoscedasticity?
Given an interaction how to find the region of var1 at which var2 has significant effect on response Y?
Getting the inflection point(s) from a density plot
How do I obtain prediction intervals for fixed effects of Generalized Linear Mixed Model?
uncorrelated random effects with lmer and glmer
Treatment of triple seasonal data
Hessian of logistic function
Plot log-normal distribution in R
Smooth a circular/periodic time series
C++ for statistics
Sampling from a Deep Belief Network: Treatment of biases in directed part of the model
Binomial Events with unequal probabilities
Integration step in Bayesian linear regression
Is it possible to plot factor scores in a graph?
Gibbs sampling to produce posterior pdf
How to determine correlation between stationary and non-stationary time series
Contingency table with 2 different time series
Confusion related to linear regression
Interpretting LASSO variable trace plots
Confusion related to elastic net
Method to find the statistically significant clickthrough rate of several groups with no control
Correlation among explanatory variables in survival analysis
Application of LSA/LSI; Is it common to include the use of an edit distance?
Using neural networks for multi target prediction
How to determine significant differences between frequency spectra?
Study design retrospectively comparing detection rates of two diagnostic tests using case-control-like design
Resources for matrix calculus for optimization
statistical test to see if relationship is linear or non-linear
Independence test
Should I include interactions in ridge regression?
When to use weight of evidence in a predictive model?
Deriving posterior pdf in classical linear normal regression model under noninformative prior
Financial instruments ranking based on price movement (outliers, consistency)
LGOCV caret package R
Drawing from the multivariate Student's t-distribution
PCA and Discriminant Analysis Under Multicollinearity
Testing for equivalent variation within twins
Histogram PDF Fitting - bin Variance Poisson or not
Combining many small regressions to answer question what was most related?
Issues with implementing neural network
Finding predictions from a linear model
Can I use independent-measures ANOVA instead of repeated-measures when I have only one subject?
Assumption tests in discrete-time hazard model
Degrees of freedom in a simultaneous confirmatory factor analysis
How do I analyze a case of breaking a cable at any point given that the breakage area length is zero?
Probability distribution and uniform distribution in a sphere
How to compare multiple (17) frequencies (as a combined trait) of different measured features between two groups
Pairwise comparisons
MODMED in PROCESS generates insignificant interaction term yet significant conditional effect: how to interpret?
Model selection using a standard p-value approach
posterior covariance for linear inversion
Advice on comparing methods of generating random vectors
Logistic Regression on very rare events - R
Compare two regression models with same degrees of freedom
What does it mean exactly, to build a statistical model of, say, a series of images?
What does it mean if all the coefficient estimates in a lasso regression converge to zero?
What is the optimal selling price of an item based on its historical price/volume data?
Hierarchical Bayesian analysis on difference of proportions
Power of simple linear regression when the independent variable is correlated with the true causal variable
Model fitting when errors take a Cauchy distribution
Distribution of correlation coefficient between two discrete random variables and their collapsed form
Looking for a mathematical book on probability and statistics
% chance, when the success rate goes up with every failure
Finding statistically significant favorites among objects
Paired comparison chi square
Spearman's $\rho$ between multiple variables
Is the Poisson distribution suitable for intermittent, clumpy events?
Is there anything similar to Central Limit Theorem for Variance for Hypothesis Testing?
Continuous dependent variable between 0 and 1 fitted with sigmoidal function
Autocovariance of an ARMA(2,1) process - derivation of analytical model for $\gamma( k)$
Using deep learning for time series prediction
How to estimate IBD (identity by descent) between two individuals mathematically
How does word co-occurrence let two words from the same topic link together in LDA topic model?
Metropolis-Hastings within Gibbs sampling
Using a set of binary logistic regressions with multiple choice categorical response variable
Out-of-sample embedding into principal coordinate space
How to interpret variation explained by principal coordinates?
Missing values on weekends in transportation forecasting
Can we determine the dimensions left after implementing PCA?
Feature selection with Random Forests
R caret difference between ROC curve and accuracy for classification
What data qualities could one use to evaluate the likelihood of a paper's result being correct?
Having trouble with hidden layer neurons in neural network
Relation of slopes of predictors when they are correlated in linear regression
Heteroskedasticity - residual plot interpretation
If any parametric test does not reject null, does its nonparametric alternative do the same?
Applications of Item Response Theory
Time series: correcting the standard errors for autocorrelation
Maximum Likelihood estimator - confidence interval
Choice of distance metric when data is combination text/numeric/categorical
How to estimate baseline hazard function in Cox Model with R
How to forecast time series from clusters?
Computing Out of Bag error in Random Forest
How can I measure separability between different number of instance of one feature vector?
How do we understand the relationship between independent probabilities and real-world independence?
Observed and estimated proportions differ with binomial GLM - which to present?
How do I compare stimulation levels between different stimulants with time points?
Goodness of fit test: question about Anderson–Darling test and Cramér–von Mises criterion
Standard deviation of error in simple linear regression
Multilevel model with Hierarchical Bayes
interpreting R lm(..) output when a variable is used as a factor
Regression to a space rather than a real number
Stratified Sampling and the Central Limit Theorem
Test whether a set of samples follow laplace distribution
What math subjects would you suggest to prepare for data mining and machine learning?
Sentiment Analysis with respect to subject
Stochastic inequality with product of binomial distributions
Predicting for month in R
How to calculate the Bayesian posterior probability from observations?
Plotting fit for binomial lme
Conditional vs unconditional expectation
auto.arima and prediction
Comparing SEM software apps: AMOS vs Stata vs Mplus vs R ---- opinions please?
Low intensity Poisson estimation
What is the benefit of breaking up a continuous predictor variable?
Variance of a smoothed AR(1) process
Machine learning to catch fraud
Help needed with interpreting mixed-model and factorial ANOVA
What are the most common subsets?
General theorems for consistency and asymptotic normality of maximum likelihood
Bootstrapping of RNA-Seq data: normal distribution?
Confirmatory factor analysis for a newly constructed questionnaire
Estimating the parameters of a normal distribution of probabilities
Statistical notation in plain English
Uniformly Most Powerful (UMP) test for Uniform(t,t+1)
Does it make sense to compute confidence intervals and to test hypotheses when data from whole population is available?
Area under curve of ROC vs. overall accuracy
1D weighted Isotonic Regression (PAV): a simple description of the algorithm
Simple question about variance
Which statistic to prove that one data point dominates the proportions in dataset?
Performing multiple comparisons on linear mixed model
K-means clustering for usage profiling
Fit VAR model with unknown order in Matlab
Girsanov Theorem
Can someone give a simple guide of Dirichlet process clustering?
Expected value calculation
(Multiple) Correspondence Analysis for count data entered as binary variables
How is the Weighted Gini Criterion defined?
How to analyse this data?
Avoiding fallacies when analysing individual data at group level
Is variance computed on weekly basis the same as variance computed on daily basis?
SARIMA estimation
Should I bin my continuous input variables for neural networks?
Beta distribution fitting in Scipy
Exact distribution of sample mean of a continuous distribution
Probability Questions
How to smear a histogram
Confusion over lmer and p-values
Conditions for Poisson approximation of the superposition of non-Poisson processes
EM algorithm for mixture of Negative Binomial distributions
Expectation of multivariate function of random variables
Hypothesis testing with a response scale of 1, 2, 3, 4, or not applicable
Help translating the following PCA results into layman's terms?
Integral of random variable
Detrending & cross-correlation function
Scatter plots of p-value distribution of gene expression data in R
Log-likelihood distance measure validity for clustering
Two-way imputation: A Bayesian method for estimating missing scores in tests and questionnaires, and an accurate approximation
Downsampling stationary time series data, effect on variance
The meaning of convergence in Variational Inference?
How to properly color clusters for visualization
R-squared for user-defined prediction algorithms
Correction for multiple comparisons
Odd timing behavior with glmnet and n_lambda
Combining Exploratory Factor Analysis with Random Forest for Binary Logistic Regression Feature Selection
What is the qualitative difference between a Michaelis-Menten model and a log-linear model?
Given a frequency distribution, calculate probability of A given B
Random variables
Nonparametric test
Posterior density
Concerns related to neural network matlab toolbox
Do true multi-level models require Bayesian methods?
Which test for small sample sizes?
Why does correlation matrix need to be positive semi-definite and what does it mean to be or not to be positive semi-definite?
Interpretation of crossed random effect interactions in lme4
Fitting a constrained natural spline
Is it possible to apply KL divergence between discrete and continuous distribution?
How to get pooled p-values on tests done in multiple imputed datasets?
When is the distribution of product of two normal distributed variables near normal distribution?
Cross correlation with R
Calculating Prediction Interval
Picking and permuting over randomized reference set from large amount of data
Size or level $ \alpha $ in Neyman-Pearson
Why do we need to normalize data before analysis
Frequency weights in R (multilevel using lme4)
Weighted least squares to correct for heteroscedasticity
How do I measure the statistical difference between two measures?
Number of trees using cforest in caret
Create variables with pre-specified correlation
Issues when using neural network
Coin toss experiments: When to use binomial, $\chi^2$ and Fisher's exact test?
Is the sample sufficient?
Lack of correlation between similar variables
Priors on matrix determinant
Finding events that occur together
UMP test for one-sided hypotheses
Derivation of the equation of ridge regression
Issues with ridge regression
Drawing from Dirichlet distribution
Detect weak points of change (temperature profile)
How do I sample from the posterior distribution with gamma likelihood with unknown alpha and beta?
What is the correct use of Cronbach's alpha?
Why isn't k-means optimized using gradient descent?
ED50s and LD50s
Measures of effect size for chi-squared tests
DIDM Matching with Difference-in-difference using cross-sectional data
Inverse matrix for contrast coding
Flexible and inflexible models in machine learning
How do I determine how well a discrete variable is predicted by a continuous response variable?
Best way to chart total issues, fixed issues, remaining issues, over time
Identifying outliers based on standard error of residuals vs sample standard deviation
R function PRCOMP Doesn't project my 2D cloud onto the principal vector as expected
One-tailed Levene Test
How do I study the correlation between two categorical variables?
Is there a name for this chart - sort of a cross between a pie chart and a mekko plot
Linear regression where attribute vectors can be reordered
How to deal with features only available for a few instances?
Create 3 correlated variables with pre-specified correlations
Things to consider before summing binary variables to create a total score
A mixture of mixed-model regression and fixed-effects-only regression: what is it exactly?
How to specify the validation/training and test set in nntool in matlab
Power calculation for case-control study
How to extract uniform noise from the mixture distribution
Which k-fold cross-validation strategy is better?
How is Orthogonal distance computed?
bootstrapping the density: bias from parametric bootstrap of polynomial fit of binned frequencies
Odd shift of statistical significance when some variables are dropped from model
Creating Correlations
How to plot and analyze a simple grain yield trial?
Can I use Principal Curves Analysis to fit a Vector Cloud instead of a Point Cloud?
Classification algorithm robust to variance?
RMSE, MAD of vectors
Stationarity of $\nabla x_{t}$
What is a quadravariate distribution?
How do I incorporate 2 peaks in a liquidity model using curve-fitting and nls
Transforming data to meet regression assumptions for SEM including interaction effects
ANOVA with 3 groups- does adding a group close to the mean reduce power?
About Trivariate Normal Distribution
Strange results of Ljung-Box test (for white noise process)
K-Means Clustering - Calculating Euclidean distances in a multiple variable dataset
Comparing the performance of two models
Should control variables be included in model if statistically insignificant?
Adjusted / marginal means estimation in linear mixed effect model in R / Stata
A mixed-effects model for repeated measurements vs multiple time point-wise comparisons with a simpler test
Permutation test based in the Wilcoxon test
Estimating the parameter of a uniform distribution: improper prior?
Computing confidence Intervals of ratio of correlated variables
Applying LASSO with cross-sectional/time-series data
Random sample before or after data transformation
Mean and covariance of a mixture of two distributions
Calculate z-score from odds-ratio
Example Of Strict von Neumann Inequality
Residuals in R using auto.arima and forecast package
Optimal weights for a linear combination
What is a good way to present data in a bar-chart when the spacing between bars isn't equal?
What is a recommended Python framework for Bayes Nets
Limitations of Cohen's kappa for sparse data?
Is this process an AR(1)?
Constructing an interval estimate for a multivariate output
What statistical test do I use for differences in proportions?
If k-means clustering is a form of Gaussian mixture modeling, can it be used when the data are not normal?
Qvalue.R results
Bernoulli random variable parameter estimation
Conditional restricted Boltzmann machines on a time series dataset
Are there any drawbacks to using the normal equation in AR parameter estimation?
Linear regression and non-invertibility
Kruskal Wallis test with high type 1 error
Anomaly detection with one-class SVM
Obtain order statistics using uniform order statistics
How does stepwise regression work?
Empirical Bayes estimators in linear regression
Bivariate normal probabilities
Using GLM on a continuous response variable
How to find the optimum ordering of a set for a nonlinear equation in decent time
Difference between shifted distribution and zero-truncated distribution
Estimating parameters for shifted Poisson distribution
What is the importance and implication of Random Intercept in a mixed-model?
Does inference from a heteroskedasticity-consistent covariance matrix follow the t-distribution or the normal?
Implementing Pettitt test in R
Significance difference test between two simple slopes within three level categorical predictor
Confusion related to feature selection
Using exploratory data analysis
Visualizing a 3D dataset of proportions
Mean has lower standard error than 5% trimmed mean?
Why might it be important to specify a family when using GEE if it doesn't make any assumption about the joint distribution?
On nonlinear regression, fits, and transformations
Using R for linear regression to see if a linear regression model appropriate for the data set
What do marginal and conditional mean in marginal models and conditional models?
Include dummy variables in model - always necessary?
Compute percentage variance explained with NIPALS
Lasso cross validation
PAC learning theory and lower bound on the amount of input samples
Can I use an automated model selection approach on an lmer object?
Case-control study and Logistic regression
Can log-likelihood function calculated value (M-step) be smaller after 1 EM-iteration?
whether to rescale indicator / binary / dummy predictors for LASSO
When is it necessary to include the lag of the dependent variable in a regression model and which lag?
Propensity score matching with zip code/geographical distance
Relationship between the range and the standard deviation
Experiment design question
How to explain smoothing functions in the logistic regression model
Degenerate random variable
Finding a sample to represent a known population
In this simple Bayesian logistic-regression model, why isn't uncertainty about the mean increasing uncertainty about predictions?
Dimension independent regression/interpolation methods?
Convenient posterior distribution for homogeneous bivariate Gaussian model
Suitable method to estimate confidence intervals for an extreme order statistic
What is a Classifier?
SVD in linear regression
Quadratic form of a bivariate normal
Mutual information/pointwise mutual information for measuring prediction
Expected value calculation BS2
Whether to use friedman test to test differences in categories across four topics?
Bias correction of logarithmic transformations
Mixed linear models with exactly the same AIC?
G-test statistic and KL divergence
Coefficient of determination ($R^2$) and sample size
Cluster data into categories; train one classifier per category
What distribution is suited to modelling the difference between bus schedule and arrival times?
What is the analysis techniques for comparing two sets of ratings
What's the bayesian equivalent of a general goodness of fit test?
Does caret train function for glmnet cross-validate for both alpha and lambda?
Doubts regarding neural network training using k-fold cross validation?
Separating effects of foods and of food components in nutritional epidemiology
How to determine sample size in unknown population size for regression equation
Is regression of x on y clearly better than y on x in this case?
Which is better? Hypothesis Testing or Confidence Interval
Using GLS and weights to solve heterogeneity of variances?
How to approximate 0 in transition probability matrix without loss of generality?
Testing whether small Eigenvalues produce a signal
Cramér's $V$ on Rao-Scott adjusted Pearson $\chi^2$
Comparing nested GLMs via chi-squared and loglikelihood
Confidence interval for the expectation of two stochastic processes
Predicting with logit coefficients
Perceived circularity in the Metropolis-Hastings algorithm - Where is my error in reasoning?
Mixed-effect for Dichotomy/binomial variables?
Calculate effect of independent variable
Chance of collisions between random numbers when inserting into set
Combining errors
Which machine learning algorithms can be scaled using hadoop/map-reduce
Do we really need a control group when we can compare the treatment group with the status quo?
When can we look at the significance of pairwise comparisons rather than an interaction term?
Probability statistics exercise, with not enough data?
MLEs of Poisson lambda values
Fitting a back-to-back distribution
Two different formulas for AICc
Comparing general search engine and a meta search engine. Paired t test or independent t-test?
What variable importance criterion?
Fully Bayesian hyper-parameter selection in GPML
Evaluating clusters of variables produced by varclus & hclustvar
Can adjusted-$R^2$ compare models across different samples?
Why at all consider sampling without replacement in a practical application?
Questions on equation of log linear regression
The Gaussian kernel
Comparing spatial patterns to on-average-distribution by averaging intervals that overlap in space
Can a function be split into sub-function to prove it is a probability mass function? And how to find variance of such function?
How does gbm determine the missing node if the training set is complete?
Deviance Statistic in HLM analysis
How to do regression with known correlations among the errors?
Is there any decision tree version where each node selected by some measures over histograms other than single numbers?
Computing BIC for SUR model
Is it true that adjusted-$R^2$ not a measure of fit? Why or why not?
What type of statistics is used to describe this chart?
How to use the Pareto distribution in fitting survival curves?
Reverse PCA with nonsquare matrix
Using Random Number Table
Group categorical variables in glmnet
Mathematical definition of causality
Drug affects individuals but ANOVA not significant: references?
Correlation between vegetation and erosion
What can I do with a modified Likert-scale questionnaire?
Can I add means together for a set of variables related to a construct, so as several constructs can be compared?
When y= 1, logit is infinity. How can you regress that? Yet somehow, that's logistic regression
Inference from state-level polls to national opinions
Confidence intervals for cross-validated statistics
PROC LOGISTIC, GENMOD
Bootstrap on correlation coefficients in R
Kaiser's eigenvalue or MAP/parallel analysis?
How to test whether variables are more frequently associated than expected by chance?
How to calculate a confidence interval for estimating a proportion when the population is very small?
How can the residuals and the fits of a regression model be correlated?
Explaining the difference between error propagation and grand variance?
Determine linear relationship between input and output with multiple input variables
How to treat dimensions correctly when multiplying/dividing probabilities?
Correlation with Count Yes/No
Cautions when using many indicator variables in computing a Regression with ARMA errors
How to do regression with error in variables and known correlations among the errors?
How to correct outliers once detected for time series data forecasting?
Local Kernel for Rate Data
A choice between two books
sample size to get 99.6% confidence on a one-tailed test
Identifying potential for missingness in a seasonal time series to bias period-averages
Why computing the variance of the extracted random effect (using ranef) is not the same as the output from lme?
Standard error of stationary point of a 2nd order polynomial whose coefficient std errors are known
Using logistic regression for a continuous dependent variable
Interpretation of Kolmogorov-Smirnov Critical Value Generated Distributions
Confidence interval for a relative risk when one proportion is 0
Measuring correlation of point processes
t-test on highly skewed data
Variable reduction by means of ANOVA?
time series decomposition/dtrending using splines
Using AIC to select between models that use nested and non-nested variables
proof of convergence of EM algorithm with continuous hidden variables
Is this explanation of the Box-Jenkins approach correct?
How do I reconcile how EViews estimates an AR(1) model with OLS?
How to test periodical patterns of events in a timeline
Agreement of clustered data
Correlation vs. independence: statistical power, available tests
Band pass filter giving ‘wrong’ turning point
Creating a ‘bounding polygon’ for a set of points (preferably with GGplot2)
Is there any alternative to HMM?
In order to increase variance, can I get my items classified twice by each participant?
Inter-rater reliability: Nominal data, but *multiple ratings per unit/subject*, different raters
Convert SAS Logistic Regression to R
Feedforwardnet for XOR
test multicollinearity for multinomial logit regression
Which regression tree to use for large data?
Quantile regression
Inter-rater agreement with multiple raters
When am I allowed to make linear regression on a small sample?
Factor vs. Covariate in SPSS MIXED
Cross validation for lasso logistic regression
Probability of a random outcome given a sample size
What is the process for computing the power of a difference in mean test?
Minimum number of studies for meta-analysis?
Which distributions are parameterization invariant when based on the Jeffreys prior?
How can I measure the association between 40 binary variables?
Confusion related to expectation notation
how to derive Kolmogorov distribution $K_\alpha$ for big n?
fitting a model of each subject and perform a t-test over the estimated parameters
Determining odd time series
How do you check the linearity of a multiple regression
CI for conditional probabilities
Machine learning on big data: capability of generalization
Perform PCA. Extract PCs. Can one then tell what the most important _original_ features were, from the PCs?
What statistical methods are best suited for missing data problems?
Mann-Whitney U-Test critical values for very large samples
Combining multiple imputation results for hierarchical regression in SPSS
How to filter only positive correlations on R?
EM algorithm to estimate discrete Markov chain transition probabilities
Mean and variance of inverse of a normal RV
Kendall-tau and RKHS spaces
In the proof of the delta method (about little oh_p)
How is it possible that Poisson GLM accepts non-integer numbers?
1 dummy coded variable and 4 continuous variables in standard regression
Compare two independent variables
Alternatives to stepwise discriminant analysis for feature selection on hyperspectral data
Generating discrete uniform from coin flips
What is the name for a regression undertaken with robust variance estimators for clustered data?
Variance partitioning - why be cautious?
Could Bessel's correction make sample variance estimation even more biased?
When does a distribution not have a mean or a variance?
How do I test if two random variables are independent
Statistical Analysis on Comments and Feedback
Locomotive problem with various size companies
Finding which customers I am losing and gaining
The ACF of a unit root process
Multinomial Logistic Regression: IIA violated - What to do?
Neural Networks: weight change momentum and weight decay
How to implement bagging with under sampled majority class in decision trees (e-miner)?
Trajectory Clustering: Which Clustering Method?
Fisher's exact test in R - 2x4 table
How to find this conditional probability in sampling without replacement?
Cluster large boolean dataset
When is binomial distribution function above/below its limiting Poisson distribution function?
Unbiased estimator of variance for samples *without* replacement
Classification between most probable classes - what is its proper name?
Estimate area of 95% confidence ellipse in R
F test for regressions with a small N with robust standard errors
Using the eigenvalues from PCA in k-nearest-neighbours
Census data comparisons
Forecasting using arima(1 1 1)
Why are Bayesian methods widely considered particularly convenient?
What is this horizontal point & confidence graph called?
How to accomplish unsupervised separation of subpopulations?
Data exploration vs data snooping/torturing?
Linear regression best polynomial (or better approach to use)?
Negative binomial GLM with 2 factor variables: adding interaction completely changes effect of factor levels
Error propagation SD vs SE
Bonferroni Multiple comparisons -- testing for any true
Model selection with different outcome spaces
Back-propagation in Neural Nets with >2 hidden layers
Predicted probabilities for multinomial logistic regression
Multiple dependent binomial tests
Time series dynamic poisson regression
Evaluating software performance to identify regressions resulting from source code changes
How to fit different ARMA models by group in R?
Proving that $R^2$ is $r^2$
Creating a high predictive value classifier
Regression analysis with special cost function
How to choose between two competing linear models?
Is it valid to keep insignificant variable?
Meaning of a t-test comparing regression output from two samples
Different score range when calculating area of under curve in ROC curves
Variable selection using mixed-models (lme4)
Testing for Poisson process
ICA - How do I know the optimal number of components?
Large errors for logistic regression, what does it mean?
How to construct a rolling annual returns from a time series using R?
Power analysis of linear regression when one of the causal variables is missing
SPSS from two - to one tailed test
Feature selection & model with glmnet on Methylation data (p>>N)
Assessing associations between many categorical variable pairs
Is binomial dispersion the same as binomial distribution?
What is the difference between multinomial and polytomous?
How do i compare NDCG values?
Deep Belief Network (number of layers)
How to calculate the shared variance between multiple IVs in predicting DV?
Generating random numbers from a t-distribution
DCC GARCH in Stata
lme4 - extracting the diagonal of hat matrix
Comparing two sets of data
Where do the descriptors for Cronbach's alpha values come from (e.g., poor, excellent)?
What statistical test is appropriate when comparing heart rates from different devices?
Hazard rate discrete hazard model
How to get probability of sample coming from a distribution?
How to report data for an entire population?
Activation Functions
Simple example that shows the advantages of Bayesian Model Averaging (BMA)
How do I analyse principal component scores?
Inconsistent results using Bayesian Model Averaging for model selection?
Combining critic scores into single rating
How to use error term in AR (2) model for predicting future values?
Calculating the price elasticity and income elasticity of demand
What statistical test is appropriate for correlations within repeated measures?
I've been trying to wrap my head around the use of eigenvalues in cluster analysis. What does it tell me about my clustering behavior?
Transforming confusion matrix to distance matrix
Inferring regression coefficient of two variables through a third
Log prices vs log returns
Comparing prediction accuracies of random forests between two datasets
What is the right probability distribution for this ratio?
Practical Linear Regression with Matlab or R
Questionnaire design
Is there some generalization of multi-level analysis to multiple categorical variables?
Show that $E(x)=M'_X(0)$, where $M'_X(p)=\frac{dM_X(p)}{dp}$
NIST randomness test fails in random generated bits
Stepwise regression and mediation analysis
Generating random numbers based on partial correlation data
Shall I treat vegetation group as an ordinal or nominal variable?
One-way independent ANOVA where I expect two levels to be very similar and the other to be different. What's the right test?
Which regression and correlation to use?
What kind of plot am I looking at?
Sample size needed for Fleiss' Kappa?
Distribution of an euclidean norm
Best way to specify a mixed ANCOVA in R?
Can I compare the p-values of two Wilcoxon tests?
k-fold feature selection
Show that $\mathbb{E}(X)$ is finite?
Why can't likelihood ratio tests be used for non-nested models?
Show that the random variable $V=X-a$ and $U=a-X$ have same distribution?
Enormous SEs in zero-inflated negative binomial regression
Intensive resources for learning R (e.g., classes, workshops)?
Bayesian model averaging in the case of large number of predictors
How to demonstrate that this process is weakly stationary?
How to determine whether web traffic has gone up or down over a 12 month period?
Regression with rank order as dependent variable
Interpretation of feature selection task
Understanding MAD Results
Weights argument in lm and lme very different in R- am I using them correctly?
Got a good Random Forest predictor. What's next?
A regression decomposition for dummy variables
Running regularized logistic regressions on very large datasets
What is the probability of success when two independent predictors co-occur?
Blocks and other questions about logistic regression with SPSS
What are all the good qualities of an ideal forecasting method?
Making box plots when analyzing a case with 3 predictor variables?
References for Bayesian group-Lasso for probit/logit regression
How do I check for covariates and how do I adjust for them?
Different $B_0$ after setting the independent variable columns to factors?
The test statistic in the likelihood ratio test for nested linear models
How to estimate a standardized mean difference from two samples' quartiles?
Spatial autocorrelation -- GLM, autocovariate, MEM (Moran's eigenvector mapping)
About prediction on higher populations
Accuracy of computing moments from an histogram
Handling missing data (holidays) in multiple time series (historical simulation VaR)
Hamiltonian Monte Carlo and discrete parameter spaces
Multinomial logit regression with ordinal independent variables
A construct as an independent variable?
Taking the expectation of Taylor series (especially the remainder)
How to visualize changes in time series variance
Modelling samples with complex unsure distribution origin using PyMC
How to interpret parameter estimates correlated with the intercept parameter estimate?
Difference-in-difference in panel data
Given a matrix, each row with a list of numbers, find the most variable rows with an interesting pattern
Logistic regression and marginal effect
Assessing role of a count variable in regression... Do you need a zero?
Huge ΔAIC between GAM and GAMM models
HLM vs linear mixed models vs random effects model
Calculating linguistic diversity of a text with respect to size
Convergence in distribution and limiting distribution
Books on statistical ecology?
How to assess change in obesity levels pre and post intervention where obesity is an ordinal variable?
How to measure student skill level based on a set of questions answered at different points in time and of different difficulties levels?
Using principal components analysis vs correspondence analysis
Is there a regression method for fitting general N-order polynomials of two or more variables?
How to visualize a 3-D density function?
Linear SVM decision boundary after a linear transformation of data
Finding the distribution of a row-transition-based quantity computed over row-permutations of a matrix
Looking for a good and complete probability and statistics book
Laplace distribution and, generally, interpreting an undefined moment
How to verify a distribution is normalized?
Have I correctly specified my model in lmer?
Diagnostic plots for count regression
Number of hours instead of frequency count in a chi-squared test
3 way or 2 way anova?
Why Bayesian logistic (probit) regression instead of standard logistic (probit) regression?
Clustering given pairwise distances with unknown cluster number?
Interpreting 3D scatter plot
Interpreting Two-way repeated measures ANOVA results: Post-hoc tests allowed without significant interaction?
Treating the log-likelihood as a probability distribution and normalizing?
Pooling samples -- what are the effects
What type of chart is this? (bubble charts with links)
Ideal number of variables for PCA analysis
What does function effects in R do?
How to rate successive predictions of the outcome of an event which are made while it is taking place?
Error of the sum of complex numbers
Statistical distribution of a scaled complex Wishart matrix
Estimating absolute difference between two conditions
Understanding the output of a bootstrap performed in R (tsboot, MannKendall)
Adjusted R squared on a holdout set
Applying Frisch-Waugh-Lovell theorem to IV regression in R
Cutoff on ROC curve
Probability that a sample will contain a defect
3 parameter Exponential Family and sufficient statistics
Adjusting p-values for a single predictor
How do you prove the correlation of two linearly related variables is equal to one
Can a regression coefficient be explained both ways in logistic regression?
dispersion in summary.glm()
What is the correct way to report the results of independent two sample t test and of Mann Whitney?
Calculate uncertainty of linear regression slope based on data uncertainty
Using Principal Component Analysis to determine variable interaction
Distribution of norm of random matrix
Power analysis for Kruskal-Wallis or Mann-Whitney U test using R?
Is two-way ANOVA appropriate?
Division of two poisson variables
Meaning of 'independence' in regression model
Are there any alternatives to simulation for determining the distribution of number of events from two dependent non-homogeneous Poisson processes?
Output of a system with a white Gaussian process as an input
Kalman filtering confusion
Using random forest in MATLAB
Factors missing in summary and Anova output from glm in R
How does the beta prior affect the posterior under a binomial likelihood
What is the probability of winning this Jackpot Lottery?
Phase space distribution of heads and tails (coin toss)
Can this be modeled by a two-sample t-test?
Testing if treating a categorical variable as continuous is okay
Meaning of output of function ar in R
Hypothesis testing books with problem sets and answers
Which variance inflation factor should I be using: $\text{GVIF}$ or $\text{GVIF}^{1/(2\cdot\text{df})}$?
Testing association with 0-1 independent variable - how?
Restricting minimum subgroup size in a bootstrap resampling study - why is this approach wrong?
Correcting for Bias due to Larger Populations
Find the pdf of Y
Qualitative variable coding in regression leads to singularities
Who decided that p value should be less than 0.05 and why?
How to interpret chi-squared test for main effect in presence of interaction term
Interpreting out of bag error estimate for RandomForestRegressor
SPSS three way dummy variables and descriptive statistics
Find the pdf of Y when pdf of X is given
Inference on fixed effects in a mixed effects model
Confidence interval on R-squared
Calculate effect size using raw or log transformed data?
How to model the effect of words occurring over time?
Asymptotic distribution of Pearson Chi Square?
Can some variables be ordinal or interval/ratio, depending on the context?
Violation of Normality in Mixed Design ANOVA
How to interpret a hazard ratio from a continuous variable -- unit of difference?
Can the mean deviation about mean exceed the standard deviation for the Pareto distribution?
Is it correct to use a paired t-test for this question?
Correct estimation of arguments for glmmLasso function
What if time variable is not significant in longitudinal analysis, can we remove it in the model?
What is the difference between online and batch Learning?
How to interpret augmented Dickey-Fuller unit root test in R
Non-parametric z-score for comparison of outliers/extreme values across set of non-normal distributions
Alternative to Wilcoxon signed-rank test, for data where many pairs are equal
What is the objective Scikit-learn's Random Forest classifier is optimizing at each node?
How to assess the fit of a binomial GLMM fitted with lme4 (> 1.0)?
Negative upper bound value in genetic model estimate
Interpretation of PCA Report from Machine Learning Toolkit
How to evaluate $\int_{0}^{\infty} x^4 e^{-x^2/{\beta}^2}dx$?
Why should random numbers be drawn from a distribution?
How to normalize data to 0-1 range?
Given a mean and standard deviation, what can you determine of a non-normal distribution?
Applications of Data Mining in economics
What is loc parameter in GPD distribution in POT package for R?
Interaction Term Insignificant but Composite Variable Significant
How to calculate estimated proportions and their confidence intervals from a mixed model?
How do statisticians determine which distribution is appropriate for different statistical tests?
Numerical properties of the logistic growth model for non-linear regression
What is the difference between “factors” and “covariate” in terms of ANOVA?
Correct way to compare two (very) different regression models?
Python and statistical analysis tutorials
Hausman-Newey test for serial correlation in Poisson with Fixed Effects
How to estimate age of a person using their given name?
How do you find weight of edges between individuals based on co-participation in the same groups? (SNA)
Division by zero in the Neyman–Pearson lemma
What does a closed-form solution mean?
Why does Bayes' Theorem work graphically?
Simulating random variables from a mixture of Normal distributions
Right-censored survival fit with JAGS
Predicting a baseline response using ARIMA forecasts
Open source classification algorithms, preferably in C++
Is least squares the standard method to fit a 3 parameters Gaussian function to some x and y data?
Generalised additive model: What is ref.df in R's output?
Pool results of 5 Amelia imputed datasets after NLME growth modelling
CLT for sum of products of Gaussian variables
Multiplication and division of values with geometric standard deviation
Difference AM-PM or PM-AM for a paired T-Test - to test if the mean of the differences = 0?
Classification techniques on histograms
Recognition of household objects ( image processing, pattern recognition ) using wide lens?
What correlation makes a matrix singular and what are implications of singularity or near-singularity?
More complicated classifier vs data preprocessing
Finding the highest probability balls
Papers about quantitative association rules in data mining
Why do we need clearly defined variables as response/dependent variables?
Improper Bayesian Prior
predict(lm) with two interactions possible or incorrect?
Problem defining ARIMA order
Difference between Sobol indices and total Sobol indices?
Generalization of skewness detection in non-uniform case
What is the difference between Unweighted, Weighted and Least Squares Means?
Estimate a model by minimising the sum of the one-, two, ... and h-step ahead forecasts?
Hypothesis testing for equality of proportions with 3 samples
OLS robust to outliers
Sample balancing with batting averages
Confidence interval for a coefficient with small N
What is the substantive meaning of scalar invariance?
Perfect fitting individual model in mixed model
Should I use Welch's (1947) approximate degrees of freedom or Satterthwaite's (1946)?
Multicollinearity and Splines :: Is there a problem?
Is it correct that no statistical simulation is done using $2^{256}$ (or more) outputs from a MWC prng?
How to understand the correlation coefficient formula?
Why we always put log() before the joint pdf when we use MLE(Maximum likelihood Estimation)?
Why would SVD be 'unstable' if you don't standardize your data first?
Improved Monte-Carlo method vs. hit-and-miss method
Rare event logistic regression
What is the difference between different kind of cross validation methods?
Obtaining a representative sample when there is no sampling frame?
Error with lm, common R mistake
How to calculate effect sizes from mean and CI
Do we need to worry about outliers when using rank-based tests?
Is it still an open question to select the parameter of Gaussian kernel SVMs?
Linear Hypothesis for a quantile regression in r
Looking for a proof of this statement
$R^2$ from a regression of two trend-stationary processes, $Y_t$ and $X_t$
Generating M/U Probabilities in Fellegi-Sunter Record Linkage
Find probability that a given number of events occur when each event has a different probability
How can a combination of model parameters have a lower standard error than each individual coefficient?
Kendall Tau-b correlation coefficient becomes more significant with many additional ties
Performing calculation of a product of a sequence,
Why does some model-based clustering fail to fit with a large number of dimensions?
Sampling variance when the largest observation is removed
What is the difference between posterior and posterior predictive distribution?
Test if multidimensional distributions are the same
Regression of data that includes a date
Statistical significance problem
Mathematical model building with dependent and independent variables
lambda value in glmnet tunning cross validation changes when repeating test
Deep Learning Networks: Fundamental differences
Converting categorical variables to numerical ones
Repeated Measures ANOVA interpretation with specified Error () in R
Cluster many thousands observations (mixed variable types). Cluster subsample and then classify the rest observations?
Convergence problems created by jittered coordinates
What distribution to use for this QQ plot?
Is it true that $F_U(U(\bar\omega)) = F_X(z)$ implies $z=X(\bar\omega)$?
Model bounded proportion data in a repeated measures design
Calculate tail probabilities from density() call in R
Compare different statistical models that forecast the same result
Degrees of freedom for a weighted average
Analysis of a time series with a fixed and random factor in R
Choosing number of components in PLS - without minimum in RMSEP
Herbivore density and group density modelling: Poisson GLM that overfits the data, or higher ranked negative binomial model that underfits the data?
Linear regression and prediction on transformed data
ANOVA for heteroscedastic data
Compare column distribution with row margin (count matrix) given many expected values near zero
Standard Deviation of fixed-odds bet
How to use R function `prc` in package `vegan` to produce the tables in van den Brink, P.J. & ter Braak, C.J.F. (1999)
Correct definition of number of parameters $K$ in Akaike Information Criterion
Adding random slopes before or after backward elimination of fixed effects?
Significant difference between 2D spatial normal distributions
Regression with many dummy variables. Is this correct?
converting back to raw/original scale from time series tranformations and standard deviation
Accuracy vs. time complexity comparison between ML algorithms
Sum of two normal products is Laplace?
Prediction interval = credible interval?
Are models identified by auto.arima() parsimonious?
Confidence interval(s) for randomization design
What is the definition of one-sample Kolmogorov–Smirnov test?
How can a categorical variable where respondents can choose more than one response be used as a predictor in multiple regression?
Unstable coefficient in regression without high correlation between variables
When an analytical Jacobian is available, is it better to approximate the Hessian by $J^TJ$, or by finite differences of the Jacobian?
Monte Carlo estimation of probabilities
How to deal with very s-shaped qq plot in a linear mixed model (lme4 1.0.4)?
Intuition behind logistic regression
Detecting strong currents in a sparse directed graph
Cross-validation or bootstrapping to evaluate classification performance?
Testing for differences between a sample and a subsample
Getting a second-order polynomial trend line from a set of data
What is the best software for neural network analysis?
Usable estimators for parameters in Gumbel distribution
$p$ value for a randomized test
Comparing histograms
Standardizing non-normal data for use in distance-based classifier
How to approach forecasting time-series data
Explaining Kalman filters in state space models
Coding infuriating blanks in continuous data when doing a regression
Basic misunderstanding with the Augmented Dickey Fuller test
How do I get sentiment from a certain perspective or point-of-view?
Selecting PCA components which separate groups
How to compare rates of occurence in consecutive time series count data?
How to pick a trained model instance when its performance fluctuates a lot?
How to qualitatively describe distribution shapes
How to impute or predict a characteristic when one of the IVs in the prediction is other household members having that same characteristic?
Can I compare AIC values of a linear function with a non-linear function?
Frequency Distribution
Comparings BIC of lme models with and without a correlation function
Is there any statistical reason for diagonal lines in scatterplot on a log scale?
SVM kernel mapping, finding boundaries in projected space
Scale a matrix to predefined stddev and mean
What is the intuition behind conditional Gaussian distributions?
Logistic regression vs. estimating $\beta$ using linear regression and applying the inverse-logit function
Non-random small sample - What conclusions can I get?
Classification tasks where machines achieve significantly higher accuracy than humans
Distinguishing two datasets
Bootstrap quadratic term
Calculate goodness-of-fit (with deviance) to compare averaged models?
Linear regression with a R squared of 0.5
Converting a list of partial rankings into a global ranking
Power of a Mann Whitney test compared to a t test
Adjusting for experimentally-caused panel attrition when evaluating treatment effects
How to check if factor structures in two groups are similar?
Ensemble classification in MATLAB
How does JAGS deal with state space models?
binary data with no correlation but with p-values equal to real data
Are posterior probabilities from a Naive Bayes classifier reliable?
Latent partitioning variable governing unobservable dependent variables -- how to estimate?
Time-series machine learning methods and R packages
Residuals plots of residual vs predicted variable
How to evaluate the quality of probability estimation?
How is power for t test and Mann Whitney comparable when null hypotheses differ
Why not report the mean of a bootstrap distribution?
Data cleaning for large sample data set in multiple linear regression
Item correlation for recommender system
Correct way of evaluating Random Forest performance
Proof for E[X|X] = X
Can ecological inference problems be solved by fixed effects?
Maximum Likelihood estimation of a function
When (if ever) is it a good idea to do a post hoc power analysis?
How do I do an a priori power analysis for a 2x3 factorial anova?
What is a factor in factor analysis?
Independence of multivariate normal distribution
Main effects and interaction in multivariate meta-analysis (network meta-analysis) in R
Best way to visually present relationships from a multiple linear model
Specify a Zero-inflated (Hurdle) Gamma Model in JAGS/BUGS
What is a good fit Brier score and Harrell's C Index
Average over two variables: Why do standard error of mean and error propagation differ and what does that mean?
Calculate the odds that a given name should have the first and last names swapped?
Question in fitting regression
Difference between probabilistic generative, discriminative models and discriminant functions?
Dealing with good performance on training and validation data, but very bad performance on testing data
Distinction between linear and nonlinear model
Computationally singular error using MIRT package
Stationarity check
Phylogenetic tree with known historical sequences?
How do I express how precise the results of my simulation are?
CDF of largest observation in normal distribution
Difference between Maximum a posteriori and penalized likelihood
Testing for significance between means, having one normal distributed sample and one non normal distributed
Measuring the smoothness of time series
Testing significant difference between two determination coefficients $R^{2}$ for two PLS-based structural equation models
Including a baseline measure of the DV as a covariate in an ANCOVA
Silhouette coefficients after deleting some data and re-clustering
What are Hommel Hochberg corrections?
What statistical methods should I use for such case?
When does counterbalancing task participation order take care of practice effects?
Evaluating Time Series Prediction Performance
Building a customer cancellation predictor
How to interpret and compare models in Cox regression?
Precisely visualize sets
Three versions of discriminant analysis: differences and how to use them
Cluster analysis on ordinal data
Random variables for which the distribution of the sum of the RV with a Gaussian RV is known
Probability when sampling from multiple urns
Search algorithms for time series in machine learning
Limit on number of time varying covariates in extended Cox regression?
Missing data at random
Evaluating a logistic regression
When do Poisson and negative binomial regressions fit the same coefficients?
Difference between model / line?
Critical effect sizes and power for paired t test
Incorporating new data in classification
Do you need to stratify / match sample for ANCOVA comparisons?
Repeated measures over time with small $n$
Is it acceptable to use linear regression to predict a 4 point likert scale from a 7 point likert scale?
How to simulate two correlated AR(1) time series?
Non-Orthogonal Planned Comparison: How to correct for alpha?
Survival analysis/LTV analysis with few deaths
Beginner question: available space in a ware house
Question about correct ANOVA design
Help understanding an explanation about minimum description length principle
About variance mixture models and probability distributions
Does the number of IV after stepwise model selection depend on the amount of data?
Calculation of log-logit or log-probit models according to Finney using R
Visual explanation of forecasting algorithm
Equality in linear regression
Distribution with upper and lower boundaries
What are the requirments for the sequence term in a power series distribution? Why is the binomial distribution one?
Concentration bounds on a sequence of (0,1)-experiments
How should I explain the lack of ERROR in a repeated measures ANOVA table using REML?
Which normalization method for different units (zero, negative, etc.)
If I have a table of conditional probability values can I find any joint distribution value?
Model multilevel proportion data
Reducing sample size to change from a paired to unpaired design
Derivation of sample autocovariance
Variance covariance matrix of regression coefficients with a probit link
Regression on Negatively Skewed Data
Interpreting a mediation model with binary outcome
Detecting outliers using 95% PI around a natural spline fit
Can I use a confidence interval of poisson mean for its variance
Law of total variance as Pythagorean theorem
Critical value at 5% or critical value at 95%: what is the right way to say it?
Regression Predictions
How can I combine data from 2 separate experiments?
Why is there not always a collinearity problem when introducing interaction terms to a MLR or logistic model?
Checking whether a density is exponential family
If Chebyshev's upper bound gives same value as the actual probability calculation, what can we conclude?
Longitudinal predictive models
What distribution would be expected for number rapists ( vs number of victims)?
Show $\mathrm{V}(\bar{y}) = \sigma^2/n\cdot (N-n)/(N-1)$
Rare event ordinal logit with discrete response $Y_t \in \{1,2,3\}$
Spurious correlation
Estimating the confidence interval in a convenience sample
Generalizing results from a sample
Generating skewed correlated data in R
How to build event recommender based only on events' descriptions
How can I estimate the statistical significance of the optimal Gaussian Mixture model from Mclust?
Should availability (calculated using mean times to fail/repair) correspond to average proportion of units available over time?
Comparing logistic regression models with same number of parameters
What statistics are preserved under aggregation?
Data mining for a statistician
Cumulative distribution of p-value
Randomized Results Sampling
Normal distribution for discrete values
How to interpret Weka Logistic Regression output?
Hyperprior density for hierarchical Gamma-Poisson model
Lower classification rate than expected by chance
How to draw ROC curve with three response variable?
Detecting the interdependence of autocorrelated sequences
Can I use bootstrapping to evaluate the effectiveness of a clinical intervention on a small sample?
How to find the distance from data point to the hyperplane with MATLAB SVM?
RAM requirements for multivariate regression in SAS and R?
What are some examples of problems for which various techniques are well suited
GLS regression versus linear mixed models in R
Error metrics for cross-validating Poisson models
Kernel density estimation - application
Error Analysis in ANN (modeling)
Computing the steady state probability vector of a random walk on $\{0, 1, \dots, n\}$
Selecting the best subset of variables for parsimonious binary logistic regression models
Creating alert system based on standard deviation and mean: How to deal with small sample size, trends and seasonality?
Using JAGS for bayesian parameter estimation
$p$-values from two-sample $t$-tests of resampled vector clump at $p > 0.7$
Estimating of point in the density of bimodal distribution
ANCOVA with repeating covariate
Active learning through attribute & instance sampling?
Conditions for conclusion
Trusting the results of a binary vector comparison
Case-control study with data collected in batches
Can you use the chi-squared test when the expected values are not determined?
Intuition behind cross-correlation function interpretation vs. correlation of lagged time series
Determining sample size when given %C.I. and margin of error in a finite population
Whether to test items for normality (and transform) when performing confirmatory factor analysis on a set of scales?
How bagging on CART (RPART) is different from CART with cross validation?
How to correctly standardize spatial data?
Is it possible to interpret the bootstrap from a Bayesian perspective?
What's the probability that as I roll dice I'll see a sum of $7$ on them before I see a sum of $8$?
Using KNN for prediction, how should I normalize my data?
Statistical significance of infection site
How can a t-test be used to compare the distributions between groups of data?
Why does fixed effect p-value in a mixed model act unintuitively?
One factor repeated measures where first time point is a control
Post-hoc test in two-way ANOVA
Variable selection in time-series forecasting
Deep learning with $p \gg N$ and on multi-modal and heterogeneous data
strange density plot of p-value
Fitting a Generalized Linear Model (GLM) in R
Early papers using statistical models for word completion?
Kohonen self organizing maps: determining the number of neurons and grid size
Normalization in SVM
Approximation for Beta distribution when alpha is less than 10
Can I perform Cox regression on left truncated records?
What do p-values for levels of a categorical variable represent in Poisson regression?
Bayesian approach on games of chance with physical devices
Monte Carlo by time or by interval
What percentage of values (compared to response) must be present in a variable to qualify as a predictor
Non-Orthogonality in PCA?
Estimating hidden transfers of market share
What kind of test should I use for two different objects?
Can you use the paired t-test in what seems like an unpaired t-test situation?
Problem with proof of Conditional expectation as best predictor
Which model for data which has within-effects, between effects and non-parallel lines
Impact of data-based bin boundaries on a chi-square goodness of fit test?
Cancellation operation in time series analysis
Distance between two Gaussian mixtures to evaluate cluster solutions
M/GI/inf queue in stationary distribution, how to get queue size distribution at the arrival times?
Hypothetical population analysis and the accuracy of that analysis
How is n-sigma is related to (Student) t-test?
Inverse observation model and Kalman filtering
Obtaining and defining a `ratetable` from a Cox P-H model for use in `survexp`
How to identify outliers for PCA
How to combine the chi-square distributions (with one model parameter) of many items in a sample?
Autocorrelation and trends
What does the anova() command do with a lmer model object?
Cronbach's alpha vs. KR20/KR21 in reliability studies
How to compare several small groups with follow-up data?
For 5 point Likert scale questions and binary dependent variable, which regression analysis should I use?
Whether to categorically code likert predictors in binary logistic regression in SPSS and whether to use the Enter method?
How to model time-series data in CRFSuite?
Good non-informative priors for estimating the parameters of a Gaussian with MCMC (using PyMC)?
Is a large control sample better than a balanced sample size when the treatment group is small?
Hard thresholding a covariance matrix
Hidden Markov Model to predict the next state
How to know whether a vector is a row or a column?
Overfitting a logistic regression model
Getting the prediction standard error from a natural spline fit
Comparing two populations of proportions?
Relative efficiency of Wilcoxon signed rank in small samples
Rank-sum test and conditional probability
Is it appropriate to estimate a Pareto regression's α by maximising R-squared?
How do I predict a person's rank given a set of characteristics?
Similarity algorithms
Understanding over-dispersion as it relates to the Poisson and the Neg. Binomial
What is the difference between descriptive and inferential statistics?
Can we estimate value of missing correlation in a given correlation matrix?
What is fitted in a GARCH: residual or log-return?
Concerns about the size of odds-ratio estimates in binary logistic regression model
Can you develop an econometrics model for stress test purpose only focusing on 2008-2009 data?
Differences between Dwass-Steel-Critchlow-Fligner and Mann-Whitney U-test for a post-hoc pairwise analysis
Significance test for highly skewed Bernoulli distribution
Standard errors from flexsurvreg
How to check psychometric type of scales?
Convergence in Probability of Empirical Median
Balanced cross validation
Probability of always more heads than tails
Ballot problem with ties
Confusion related to derivation of soft thresholding function
Test of proportions when sample size is not known
Should I take the bet?
Detecting patterns in residual plot
When to use equal and unequal variances
ANCOVA with repeated measures IV, violation of slopes
Cluster by part instead of as a whole?
When fitting a curve, how do I calculate the 95% confidence interval for my fitted parameters?
How to deal with non random samples?
How to support choice for hold out/forecast period/window size in forecasting stock returns
Log Likelihood for GLM
Reference for hierarchical Bayesian modelling
Relation between best fit line and eigenvector of maximum eigen value of an estimated covariance matrix
Using graph to depict individual movement pre and post intervention
Extension of conditional probability result for non independent random vectors
Choosing between MANCOVA and RDA to factor out treatment effects
Maximum entropy priors for hypotheses
Maximum likelihood estimate: Is this possible to solve?
Why does my proof for showing that the Kaplan-Meier estimate is unbiased not work?
PDF restoration from samples — what is the correct name of the method?
R-squared vs. t-test confusion
How does this remove autocorrelation?
Modelling with multiple-valued variables
How to combine data from 5 surveys from the same population spanning 10 years
Choice of a less true model over the truer model if it predicts better and my purpose is prediction
Probability of pairwise difference of samples from distribution with finite support
Regression analysis for more than one categorical variable in time series
Implementing a Metropolis Hastings Algorithm in R
Influential observations in Bayesian inference
Calculating joint probability and covariance given conditional probabilities
What is the difference between probability and fuzzy logic?
Power analysis for biased coin in R
Expected value of a random variable differing from arithmetic mean
Markov Switching Forecast. How can I derive this?
Maximum likelihood: Show that ML estimator is solution of an equation of degree $2n - 1$
Difference powerlaw, lognormal and stretched exponential (Weibull) function
Flipping identifiable coins in batches
What does Fama-MacBeth logit regressions mean?
Does the standard error in OLS not need to be corrected by n?
Normality Testing - Choose the transformation that makes the data most normal?
Finding the full conditional posterior for $\beta$
What's the relation among regression and classification?
How to compare different sensitivity thresholds and detection limits?
Testing statistical significance in two conditions
How can I prevent Overflow for the Gamma function?
How to understand missing data mechanisms using DAGs
Relationship between the kernel and the value of C in SVM's
PyMC for nonparametric clustering: Dirichlet process to estimate Gaussian mixture's parameters fails to cluster
Integrating a Gaussian Distribution multiplied by 1/x^(2/3), any ideas?
Getting p-values from a mixed-effect ANOVA
Problem with calculating Asymptotic Standard Error for Somer's D
Visualising the variance
Updating variance of a dataset
Linear regression dependence on end points?
Using Zipf's law to select top K ngrams?
Use correlation to compare two time series?
PCA and SVD matlab
Chi-Squared Formula
Measures of multidimensional spread or variance
Interpretation of descriptive statistics for dummy variable
Decision trees variable (feature) scaling and variable (feature) normalization (tuning) required in which implementations?
How to deal with chromosomes of different lengths genes in genetic algorithm?
How can I fit a zero inflated poisson model with only offset (without coefficients)?
Bootstrapping - do I need to remove outliers first?
Is this a bug in auto arima or am I doing something wrong?
Graphical Probabilistic Representation of Naive Bayes
Testing for statistical significance in survey results for different countries
How can I model optimal time at which a treatment becomes effective?
An example: Lasso regression using glmnet for binary outcome
MLE of odd Poisson distribution
Which of these two ways is better to report comparison of paired data?
How to interpret the significance code?
How to average variables having given standard deviations
How to correctly measure effect on heavy-tailed distribution
Ideas for outputting a prediction equation for Random Forests
Calculating probability
Eigenvalue and eigen vector of covariance matrix in mean*mean'
Confusion about Moving Average(MA) Process
Is adjusted R-squared appropriate to compare models with different response variables?
Forgiving measure for external cluster validation
How to remove seasonality from daily electricity demand
Proof of Theorem 7.3 in book of Probabilistic Graphical Models by Daphne Koller
Where does the term covariate come from in statistics?
Vector Valued SVM
P value for bootstrapping two means in laymen's terms
How to analyze and interpret A/B test results via Bootstrap method?
Paper on performing hypothesis tests based on outcome of another test
Is bootstrapping the right method for extreme distributions?
Pooling regression results in SPSS
Partial Dependency plots and Gradient boosting (GBM package)
Standardization in SPSS
Growth analysis
Modelling for soccer scores
How to count expected number of paterns?
Linear Regression Intuition behind least squares
Logistic regression with partially observed variables
Sub sampling a dataset without losing the distribution
Is it most beneficial to become fluent in R, or only learn select packages that do what you need?
z-transformation of Likert-scale questions before running a pca
Parametric modelling of customer lifetime value using survival (Cox) analysis
PCA on standardized variables: how do eigenvectors relate to original, unstandardized variables?
How to perform unsupervised Random Forest classification using Breiman's code?
Data Correlation for Predictive Basketball Model
ARIMA with seasonality in Statsmodels
Random slopes and intercepts using glmmadmb in R - negative binomial
Multiple testing correction alternatives
Gamma vs. lognormal distributions
Obtaining an estimate of slope error on a linear fit to data with y error
Find music tempo with a audio signal
simultaneous equations
Estimating the slope of the straight portion of a sigmoid curve
Dealing with perfectly confounded microarray experiment
How to get confidence intervals for specific indirect effects in Amos?
Is the residual, e, an estimator of the error, $\epsilon$?
Whether to transform non-normal independent variables in logistic regression?
Whether to transform non-normal variables prior to performing EM imputation?
Which test should I use to assess for the statistical signficance of changes in multiple binomial dependent variables from T1 to T2?
What is the difference between the concept and treatment of measurement error in psychometry and in statistics?
Sample sizes for differences between three groups
Centering when using splines in R
How to check for normal distribution using Excel for performing a t-test?
Showing spatial and temporal correlation on maps
What is random error in OLS regression? And how is it related to Gaussian noise?
Why eigenvalues are greater than 1 in factor analysis?
Concordance and Discordance role in modelling
R e1071 tune plot does not give me the best gamma?
Interaction wipes out my direct effects in regression (non zero variable)
How to compare two groups with multiple measurements for each individual with R?
How to create a GIS basemap in R?
Dealing with missing data in the prediction set only
Raw return vs. percentage return to calculate volatility
Kaplan Meier - Can I use to assess recovery of function, not just loss?
Generating causally dependent random variables
Simulating data to fit a mediation model
Quantifying the relationship between two disparate time series
Estimating multivariate normal distribution by observing variance in different directions
SNP genotype coding in regression
General sum of Gamma distributions
How to determine degree of freedom for a certain test of interaction?
Convergence theorem for Gibbs sampling
What are the pros and cons of standardizing variable in presence of an interaction?
Box Cox Transformation with swift
variance of summation/compound variable?
Why are ERR (Expected Reciprocal Ranking) scores not normalized?
Dealing with 0 values when calculating the mle for a Dirichlet distribution
Poisson distribution vs multiplying probabilities
Simple experimental design - should I counterbalance?
Extract important features
Difference between two mixed effects models
Simulating groups different with respect to the orthogonal complement in R
Difficulty with MCMC implementation
Is mixed measures ANOVA the correct test for my data?
STATISTICA 12 for SEM data analysis
Training one class SVM using LibSVM
Path analysis, sample sizes, and alternative analysis
Exponential family parameter estimation and fitting, references
Variable selection with groups of predictors that are highly correlated
Binomial Conditional Probability of a an event
Generic test for unimodality given sample
How to decide bootstrap number of runs?
Reversing Chebyshev inequality argument
Selecting optimal set of eigenvectors for Principal Components Regression
Testing whether two Eigen decompositions are equal
Different answers for probability density function and cumulative density function
Before and after data: Which test for average comparison of Likert scale data?
Which statistical test should be used to test for enrichment of gene lists?
Interpretation of a PDF squared
Resampling from Monte Carlo simulation runs
Covary two dummy variables in SEM?
change in category variable
Degrees of Freedom for Ridge regression without knowing the Ridge Parameter?
Coverage rates of confidence intervals in reality
What does it mean that random effects are highly correlated?
mean difference for count data
When making inferences about group means, are credible Intervals sensitive to within-subject variance while confidence intervals are not?
Iterative method to find Ridge Regression Parameter
How high must logistic covariates' predictive accuracy be for a reversal effect to show up?
Simple recommender system - where to start?
Marginal effect in model with interactions
Sweeping across multiple classifiers and choosing the best?
Binary features for prediction
Improving the quality of pseudo-randomly generated uncorrelated unit normals
BIC vs. Out of sample performance
How to test if a result is statistically significant?
Rescaling input features for neural networks regression
Temporal autocorrelation in perMANOVA?
K-Means clustering after first iteration
KL-divergence between two categorical/multinomial distributions gives negative values?
What does Mean of each pixel over all images mean?
Subscript notation in expectations
Computing mutual information
How to include a linear and quadratic term when also including interaction with those variables?
Does applying ARMA-GARCH require stationarity?
Drawing data from population for regression analysis
Test for differences between (among) related, but not matched, samples
Compute probability
what's the pdf and covariance for this distribution?
Interpretation of the p-value of the y-intercept coefficient in a linear regression
Negative values in predictions for an always-positive response variable in linear regression
Meta Analysis: Pooling samples or determine an average effect size
How to find the input layer and the architecture for a Neural Network
Causality in Time Series
Minimum Sample Size Required to Estimate the Probability $P(X \le c)$ for a Constant $c$ (Given a Confidence Level & Confidence Interval)
Modelling probabilties within friend sets
A question on continuous random variable
Why is Mantel's test preferred over Moran's I?
Bayesian variable selection
Understanding Bayesian Predictive Distributions
Time persistence in panel data
I have a discrete distribution and want to know to what extent other samples differ from it, what is the right test?
Independent but not identically distributed
Do only certain pairwise comparisons after significant interaction in two-way ANOVA
Weightining using TraMineR
ARIMA (0,1,1) or (0,1,0) - or something else?
Vocabulary: do we measure actual values or observations?
Hidden Markov model for event prediction
How to discretise continuous attributes while implementing the ID3 algorithm?
Linear regression with independent variables with varying proportions
Evaluating Gaussian PDF when det(Sigma)-->0
Can someone enlighten me on what is Neglected Nonlinearity?
How to do Univariate Heteroscedasticity Test
Using quantile regression to predict probability of surpassing threshold
Covariance matrix equality
Probability of having real roots
Expected maximum given population size, mean, and variance
Is there a way to remove individual trees from a forest in the randomForest package in R?
What is the point of measuring statistical distance?
Naive Bayes with invalid independence assumption
How to test (and accept) that a coefficient in a linear regression model equals zero
Whether to log transform variable when untransformed variable has positive skew and transformed has negative skew with additional missing data?
Numerical example to understand Expectation-Maximization
Intuition for the standard error of the difference of sample means
Inverted SPSS results: Logistic regression command vs. Genlin?
Combining prediction intervals in regression
Finding the full conditonal distribution when there are multiple distributions involved
Scikit-learn's Gaussian Processes: How to include multiple hyperparameters in kernel/cov function?
Bound for the correlation of three random variables
How does one determine what ARL0 should be used on CPM package to test for Structural Change
Forecasting time-series ahead by multiple time horizons
Parameters of a Statistical Distribution
Motivation for statistical distributions
Regression methods
Relative variances of higher-order vs. lower-order random terms in mixed models
Integration with respect to Multivariate normal distribution
A categorical variable in glm shows significance from analysis of deviance, but each level is not significant in z-test
How would you use pair-wise plots to test the effectiveness of k-means clustering?
Sample variance order
Fraction confidence intervals for small sample size
How to use R prcomp results for prediction?
survival analysis without enough data
Fit a regression line by using `MATLAB`
Warranty claims count prediction
Derivation of conditional distribution from other two distributions
Is there a statistical application that requires strong consistency?
Bayesglm, p-values and degrees of freedom?
Sample space of pmf
Design fitness function for polynomial approximation
How to report significance of factor levels shown in summary of glm?
Metric for nearest neighbor method
Proper Sampling - can I collect a two-group sample this way without issues?
Mean Reciprocal Rank with GBM in R
Include lower level (2-way and 3-way) interactions in 3-level multilevel model?
Puzzling behavior of glmer()
Confusion relative to derivative of partition function
Model validation in Bayesian statistics from a model with latent variables
Sampling and Conditions
symmetric r.v. raised to an odd power
Heteroscedasticity-consistent F-test
Sum of autoregressive processes?
Prediction based on repeated measure with binary outcome
GLM with two related predictors (X and X-squared)
In statistics what does NA stand for?
R correlation between two time series analysis
Partial F ratio from ANOVA table
Plotting data from several files on one plot
How to determine if short strings of text are closely related to a larger text?
If $X_{n+1}$ is a martingale subject to $Y_0,\ldots,Y_n$, then is it a martingale with respect to $Y_0^2,\ldots,Y_n^2$?
How to compute expectations from a probability density function?
Which AIC value to use from R's sarima() function for model comparison
Calculating joint probabilities from conditional probabilities
What is the statistical efficiency of L-moments?
How to calculate the p-value for a binomial test using pbinom?
Can logistic regression estimates suffering from subsample abuse be salvaged?
Propensity score and Cox regression
Building a forecast model based on past year data in R
Determining sample size with a proportion and binomial distribution
Visual display of multiple comparisons test
Cumulants in chinese restaurant process?
How to estimate vector autoregression & impulse response function with panel data
Estimators for linear regression when multicollinearity is present
Backshift operator applied to a constant
Vector space model: cosine similarity vs euclidean distance
How to identify variable (from many variables) which is able to discriminate between groups?
Summation of a product
Latent Dirichlet Allocation - understanding the posterior
Explaining why process obeys Central Limit Theorem
Binary Logistic Regression Multicollinearity Tests
Conditional Logit for recommender systems?
Use of linear regression or logistic regression when testing conditioned group differences
Understanding tail dependence coefficients
Denominator is Zero for Matthews correlation coefficient and F-measure
Fitting a gam model with simple Gaussian/Student-t heteroskedasticity
Why one can fit Poisson GLM on non-integer values in Stata?
Why discriminative models are preferred to generative models for sequence labeling tasks?
Calculate $t$ value for expanded sample using just $t$ and $n$
Relationship between inverse gamma and gamma distribution
Relationship between test stat and p-value in relation to t-test
How can the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test be used/interpreted?
Linear kernel and non-linear kernel for support vector machine?
CDF (cumulative frequency) of multiple samples in summed normals?
Sobel test with survey data
Weighing probabilities into a polygon
Plot of copula (based on data set) - R
Meaning of link functions (GLM)
Not specifying the main effect of a term that is part of a tensor product interaction
Simulating p-values as a function of sample size
Construct confidence interval of the mean for auto-correlated data
Interpreting 5-way Mixed Model ANOVA
Single sample versus multiple sample
Propensity scores and patient comparability
From half-circle to linear model
Dependent is the difference between two Likert scales: Which regression to use?
Hessian matrix and initial guess in logistic regression
Correlation coefficient for non-dichotomous nominal variable and ordinal/numeric variable
Bonferonni Correction interaction
How can I explain these linear regression charts well on my scientific poster?
Logistic regression with categorical predictors, do log-odds differ from 0?
Modeling what should be a logistic regression but has no negative responses
How to estimate errors on a sample with very few data points
Analysis of temporal patterns
Nonparametric test for trend using Python
How to show that the mean is (weakly) consistent
ANOVA failed to model data, what is a more appropriate test?
Symmetry of alternative hypotheses of pairwise t-tests with p-value correction?
Is there any way to model this grouping process?
distribution of sample variance or sample coefficient of variation under gamma parent distribution
Confidence interval for multiple regression parameter
Do t.test on a matrix with R
ANOVA using R - unsure of if analysis is appropriate, and if variables need to be numeric
Basic GARCH (1,1) question
Who is the best writer among statisticians?
Deriving the optimum value of a function
Lasso ||a|| and General Lasso ||Da||
Find k of n items with least pairwise correlations
Distance or Similarity metric for 2D frequency data maps
Question about $\epsilon' \epsilon$ in the linear regression model
Combining similarity scores
Why does Naive Bayes outperform Support Vector Machines?
Pearson correlation
Using anomalies to calculate trends of seasonal data
Distribution of the sum of two independent Beta-Binomial variables
Calculation of an unconstrained normal distribution (starting from a censored one)
Treatment of Ordinal Predicting Variable
Structure of data and function call for recurrent event data with time-dependent variables
Logistic regression: maximizing true positives - false positives
Logistic regression, SPSS ignores my reference category and assumes another one
An inequality for the non-negative random variable
Why is Pearson's correlation coefficient defined the way it is?
Permutation test: Exactness
Recalculate log-likelihood from a simple R lm model
What is the proper way to estimate the probability (proportion of time) a rare event occurs?
Observational study vs experimental study?
Modeling time in multilevel logistic regression
Could I compare two crosstabs and chi square tests?
Avoiding p-values and reporting t-values instead. References?
What's the value of information when we decrease the entropy of a probability distribution?
Anisotropy in kriging for non gridded data
What is a loss function in decision theory?
Joint distribution of two multivariate normal distributions
What is the test statistic in Kolmogorov–Smirnov test?
Local linear regression: number of grid points?
Alternatives to pvals.fnc to compute confidence intervals for fixed effects?
Gibbs sampler for local linear trend model
Determining the posterior distribution for an Autoregressive or order 1 model
Does relative Kullback-Leibler divergence exist?
Approximating the relative quantities of coins in Canada
A question about the multistart heuristic and pseudo convergence
Why is the Dirichlet Process unsuitable for applications in Bayesian nonparametrics?
when is an estimator consistent?
Should I pick a constant sample size for regressions on data with different available n?
Can the t-distribution be defined as the distribution on the true mean of a sampled normal?
Bayesian MMSE estimators from a transformation of the observations
What can I read to give me a meta-view of statistics as a field
Interpretation of PCA biplot?
Unpaired t-test with only summary means
Statistical significance in yes/no poll question
Constructing hypothesis test $\mu=0$
Time to Event modeling, fixed but different durations
Clinical statistic problem
How to test association in contingency tables with very small numbers and proportions?
Outlier treatment in Vector Autoregression (VAR) Model
Propensity Score
Is chi square the best approach for looking at number of cases by year
How to interpret results from an experiment where covariate is influenced by the experimental setup?
How to compute the maximum a posteriori probability (MAP) estimate with / without a prior
Principal Component Analysis for portfolio replication
How to visualize a fitted multiple regression model?
Explain Statistics: Matching formulas for linear regression
When finding outliers from the Interquartile range why I have to multiply by 1.5?
Understanding Feature Hashing
What does I represent in this context?
Logistic Regression with time slices
How to deal with collinearity in lme with categorical IV with > 2 levels
Map a normal distribution N(x,s) to an ordinal response variable
Derivation of the Bivariate normal distribution using change-of-variable technique
How does one specify arima (p,d,q) in ugarchspec for ugarchfit in rugarch?
Averaging correlation matrices among subjects
Duration analysis of unemployment
Notation for random vectors
What type of regression to use with negative values?
Which test? Categorical data, not independent groups.
Generating survival times for a piecewise constant hazard model with two change points
How to prove that a t-distribution can be written as a ratio distribution?
How to correctly apply the Nemenyi post-hoc test after the Friedman test
Three open philosophical problems in statistics
Reciprocal roots and eigenvalues relationship in time series
P value calculation
Maximizing incomplete likelihood
Comparison of cell counts with a right censoring
Standard Error vs. Standard Deviation of Sample Mean
Sequential Inference And Evidence (Jaynes 2003): Is it valid? Is it used?
Model R&D decision and intensity
Ratio of lengths of two confidence intervalls
Drawing with repetition
Entropy in decision tree classification
Joint pdf of a continuous and a discrete rv
Approximately sampling $(X, Y)$ when sampling $X$ is easy
Hoops in a Field
Constructing the OLS standard error by hand to avoid regression
Comparing maximum likelihood estimation (MLE) and Bayes' Theorem
How to generate random data that conforms to a given mean and upper / lower endpoints?
Elementary Probability Questions
Average partial effects
Asymptotic Theory in Economics
Finding mean and SD of 2 parts of a whole
What does the inverse of covariance matrix says about data? (Intuitively)
Comparing the proportion of a subsample to the proportion of sample or another
Ordinal Regression
kurtosis, positive skewed and negative skewed for probability distribution
What is the name for this distribution defined on a circle
Are MRFs with edges to all observed data possible?
Predictive posterior in distance dependent Chinese Restaraunt Process
Treatment Effects: Manova
What exactly is weakly informative prior?
Coding for Regression Analysis
Value that increases the Standard Deviation
Generate data from a t-distribution with specified mean and standard deviation
Missing value treatment
Simulating new x's in regression simulation study
Why do zero differences not enter computation in the Wilcoxon signed ranked test?
Choosing a classification performance metric for model selection, feature selection, and publication
R - using and F test and bootstrap to test multiple linear restrictions
Mean Squared Error and Residual Sum of Squares
Basic binomial question
Quantitative ,longitudinal, observational study:Population, sample and instrument
What is an intuitive explanation of the Bayesian score?
Analyzing multiply imupted data from Amelia in R: Why do results from zelig and mice differ?
Extreme value theory for count data
Test incorrect functional form when residuals have non-normal distribution
Quantile Regression - Interpretation of a significant quantile
Netflix Challenge - some help with SVD/SoftImpute
Fuzzy regression discontinuity design in Stata
Learning probability bad reasoning. Conditional and unconditional
Parameter confidence intervals which include errors in data
What is the best convergence measure of MCMC
Interpretation of regression coefficients in the presence of modest correlations
How to calculate Pareto parameters
Parameter space exploration
Order statistics of independent NOT identically distributed random variables
Why use bayesglm?
Ratio data with categorical events
Is Cronbach's alpha interchangeable with $\rho$?
Correlation of parts of two variables that miminize correlation with another variable
Standard error from correlation coefficient
Kernel density estimation is a convolution of what?
Mean absolute deviation
How to sample using MCMC from a posterior distribution in general?
Diagnosing collinearity in a Cox proportional hazards model
How do you derive the Success-Run Theorem from the traditional form of Bayes Theorem?
How do I test that two continuous variables are independent?
Machine-learning input data distribution
Detrending Discrete Data
How to specify/restrict the sign of coefficients in a GLM or similar model in R
how many years will it take to achieve six-sigma quality?
When to use residual plots?
Combining posterior probabilities from multiple classifiers
ANOVA versus nonlinear fit
Overlap in time series training sets
MCMC sampling from a function with a conditional distribution as Dirac delta function
Sample size analysis for a study
What is the best way to analyze data if your experimental design changes while running the experiment?
regarding conditional independence and its graphical representation
Display Correct Poisson Calculation
Entropy of Inverse-Wishart distribution
What is the intuition behind (M)ANCOVA and when/why should one use it?
Translating R lme comand to mathematical equation
How can I get the prior of a random variable that's a function of a random variable in Bayesian data analysis?
When doing systematic sampling, what should be done if the sampling interval (i.e. the skip) is not an integer?
How to calculate spatial correlation between two variables?
Relation between autocorrelation function and periodogram in time series analysis
Are there statistical techniques that investigate such relationships ...?
need name, reference, and/or study for the following variable reduction procedure in regression
Confusion about the kind of offset-value for this non homogenous poisson-process
How to test for randomness in bins with small N?
Does stand-alone dummy variables in linear regression models make sense?
overall effects of categorical variables
Doubts on principal component analysis
Similarity of new element x with the training set X
Does it matter if I use correlations or regression coefficients to suggest areas to focus on to improve overall customer satisfaction?
Cumulative Distribution Function Inequality (Discrete Distributions)
Why is standard error sometimes used for error bands in plots?
Slope of a Regression
Directed Graph to Regression Help
Expected value of $Ye^X$ where $X \sim U(0,1)$ and $Y \sim U(0,1)$
Finding the expected value of two normal random variables
obtaining Standard Errors in maximum likelihood estimation
machine learning applications in number theory
Correlation coefficient between two arrays of 2D points?
Are $\mathbb{F}_2$-linear combinations of random variables in an i.i.d. Bernoulli process again an i.i.d. Bernoulli process?
Sign of the unnormalized log likelihood in Ising model
Overlapping time series: is there any better way to visualize them?
Reporting operative effect in paired t test
How to interpret negative ACF (autocorrelation function)?
Chi Squared Results in R and Python
What is the meaning of this formula in R?
Test data likelihood via posterior predictive
What is a numerical example of $Var(X_1 + X_2) = Var(X_1) + Var(X_2)$
Optimal orthogonal polynomial chaos basis functions for log-normally distributed random variables
ROC curves and AUC in simulations to compare models
How do I use the “survival” package and Surv function in R with left-truncated data?
Intuition for consequences of multicollinearity
Suppression effect in regression: definition and visual explanation/depiction
Confidence Intervals Intuition
Would the group means of PC scores differ from the PC scores of group means?
Probability questions for statistics
When is the differential entropy negative?
What is the most appropriate test for a multi-year different group/yr experiment?
MCMC for an explicitly uncomputable prior?
MCMC on a bounded parameter space?
Does JMP aggregate data in graph-building?
Why does entropy increase with dispersion for continuous but not for discrete distributions?
Computing non-central moments and normalizer of a quartic exponential distribution
hypothesis testing using poisson distribution
Prove/counter example: A minimax decision rule is always Bayes wrt some proper prior
knn.reg utilisation in R
R- Analysis of homogeneity of slopes
Multiple definitions of AdaBoost
How to get exact distribution of estimated p for binomial distribution?
Exponential regression: calculating p-value and F significance
Gaussian process estimation
Using cross correlation to infer dependence, can it be done?
(Standalone) Software for plotting graphs of large amounts of data and allowing you to scroll/zoom
How to mix probability estimators of the same phenomenon?
What are the limitations of Kernel methods and when to use kernel methods?
Random forest “certainty / likelihood score” - how to score records in RF mode in R?
Should I de-mean a predictor variable before a dummy interaction
Writing null hypothesis and deciding on rejection criteria
What is an 'atom' and what are 'atomic weights'?
How to train in models, with efficient inferences, like belief-propagation ?
How to evaluate/validate clusters using multiple clustering methods
In weighted least squares, how do I weight the residuals to get an accurate z score
Suppose X and Y are each continuous. Are they jointly continuous?
Large scale ridge regression
Cointegration but no Granger-Causality found
Is there anything special about Gamma distribution with the shape parameter k=e?
Why does the log likelihood need to go to minus infinity when the parameter approaches the boundary of the parameter space?
How to detect step changes in GPS time-series data?
What does it mean that random forest is patented?
How to estimate a pdf of x under the model of y = x+n, when the pdf of y and the pdf of n are given
How to plot spectra of an AR(2) process
What model should one use for this short time series?
Incremental SVD in Collaborative Filtering
What if Lasso selects transformed terms but not untransformed terms
Does zero correlation between 2 differenced series implies no cointegration between original series?
When would I choose Lasso over Elastic Net
Simple linear regression - understanding given
Which statistical method to use for finding systematic patterns in data
Multiple regression and hypothesis test $H_0$:$\beta_2=0$
Inferring an unmeasured value
Modelling relation between two persistent AR(1) processes? Is my approach reasonable and how to adjust standard errors?
T-statistic of correlation coefficient
Can we make the Irwin-Hall distribution more general?
Classifier for uncertain class labels
Plotting variables in transformed space
How do residuals affect the t-statistic?
Why don't asymptotically consistent estimators have zero variance at infinity?
What is my experimental design?
Variational Bayes vs EP and other message-passing methods
Estimating ROC/AUC on large data sets?
How to interpret BIC
Hierarchical Bayes Normal-Normal Model
Assessing the power of a normality test (in R)
how to test most frequent variable between groups?
Looking for the 'Elbow' in data
Question about Eigenfaces (PCA applied to facial images)
Permutation test of meta-analysis : correlation coefficient
Weights for retrospective cohort data
Standard error of marginal effect for binary/categorical variable
How to deal with data having huge disparity in number in each class
Gradient and Hessian of a likelihood function where y is defined implicitly
Analyzing repeated rank data.
$P(X_1 < \min(X_i,\ldots, X_n))$ across different normal random variables
Should I standardize my variables for this particular case of cluster analysis?
Understanding d-separation theory in causal Bayesian networks
Plot a linear discriminant analysis
How to best visualize one-sample test?
Is a mixed/ random effects model required if fixed effects model shows no pattern in the residuals?
Probability of a given password
Self organizing maps vs. kernel k-means
First differences interpretation
Show that the best mean square estimator of $X$ given $(X_{1},...,X_{n})$ is $\hat X =E[X|\sigma(X_{1},...,X_{n})]$
Correlation of one binary input series and continous response series
When is the median more affected by sampling error than the mean?
How to compute the probability that there is no difference between matched pairs
Understanding Sufficient Statistics
Test if a variable is a good predictor of a transition to a state
Estimating the effects of cumulative odds ratios - additive or exponential?
Sampling technique to estimate how many toxic waste sites are in a country?
Discriminant analysis for the validation of cluster analysis
In message-passing methods, what is the actual content of the messages?
Correlated features produce strange weights in Logistic Regression
Econometrics - choosing the best model when removing variables
Finding similarities using Wavelet transform
Similarity distance score to remove outliers for survey data
Order Statistics-Expected Value of Random Length
Expectation of Quotient of Sums of IID Random Variables (Cambridge University worksheet)
Which values to use for scaling out of sample PCA data
pattern of ROC curve and choice of AUC
Why do they call it sampling distribution of the sample mean?
Why semi/nonparametric models?
Nonnegativity of model optimism
Significant ANOVA interaction but non-significant pairwise comparisons
Negative Binomial Regression and Heteroskedasticity test
Estimating if a distribution is significantly less conserved than others when one group is involved.
Is it always bad to retrain your model to include predicted data?
Data normalization and sufficient statistic
Hypothesis test for difference in preference pre and post treatment
Probability of winning money with a pair of loaded dice
Generalized linear mixed models: model selection
Measure of similarity/distance of data points in geographic space
Multiprocess models
Is $X_{i}$ a martingale, submartingale, or supermartingale?
How to get proper randomization in website A/B testing?
Converting 2nd order Markov chain to the 1st order equivalent
Regression where a subset of observations are missing data on an independent variable
Weighted Random Selection with bounded replacement
Finding probability density function with unknown values
Generalized Linear Mixed Models: Diagnostics
Finding maximum likelihood
Time Varying System Matrices in Kalman Filter
Why is Standard Deviation used to evaluate the effect of a change in an independent variable on the dependent one?
What examples of lurking variables in controlled experiments are there in publications?
Effect of Wald-test and collinearity on Logistic Regression model selection
Cauchy Distribution and Central Limit Theorem
Why does asymptotic distribution of LRT not depend on specific functions used to express null set?
Problem with response optimization with three variables using Response Surface in Minitab
Correlated variables in a math model
Single or Multiple Models for Prediction with Categorical Variable
Rolling twelve-month crime rate
What method is simulating pvalues from re sampling from the data
show that $X_{n}= E[X|\mathcal F_{n}]$ is an $\mathcal F_{n}$-martingale
Comparing the effect of a treatment that was optional for its receivers
Show that for a Geometric distribution, the probability generating function is given by $\frac{ps}{1-qs}$, $q=1-p$
Goodness of fit tests for quantile regression in R
Is there a better name than average of the integral?
Is the post hoc power of a dependant t test related to the sample correlation or actual correlation
How can we find the decision boundary for two overlapping continuous uniform distribution?
Dataset with many interrelated variables - remove before PCA?
Mathematical equation for a generalized linear mixed model with interactions
Predictions of Random Forest on training data don't lie around x=y line
Reliability standard via relative standard error for computer science or randomized algorithms
Analyzing installation rates, not quite binomial. Tried bootstrapping. Is there a approximate binomial approach that would be better?
Training a convolution neural network
Transformation to normality for random variables with different locations
Test when and how often 2 time series have similar values
How to compute conditional expectations with respect to a sigma field?
Question about prediction bands for non-linear regression computation?
How to algorithmically determine the best order of fit?
Cox Regression Prediction of Event Count For Given Period
Moving average filter for outlier removal
Price elasticity of demand and time lags
Tried to overfit a Bayes net, but mean prediction error is worse than learned network?
Is randomization reliable with small samples?
Differences between clustering and segmentation
Find the Distribution
Do Bayesians interpret the likelihood distribution as subjective as well?
Estimation of Missing Observations
Probability Generating Function of Poisson Distribution
Show that $T=\min\{n:X_{n}\in B\}$ is an $\mathcal F_{n}$-stopping time
Linear regression with strongly non-normal response variable
PCA and PLS: testing variables for significance
Correct use of cross validation in LibsSVM
Cleaning corpus
Wilcoxon signed rank test on anonymous sample
Variance of sum of random number of random variables (Cambridge University Worksheet)
For which distributions does uncorrelatedness imply independence?
Covariance with conditional expectation
Survival regression and prediction using median
Frequency of time series in R
Multiple hypothesis testing of same hypothesis
Kolmogorov-Smirnov test strange output
ANOVA with very uneven sample sizes-- Can fit be improved through reference to a more complete dataset?
Comparing means with unequal variance and very different sample sizes
Show $Y$ converges to $a$
Convergence in distribution
How can I test the difference of two Weibull distributions?
The mode of multivariate Gamma distribution
Derivative of the transformed explanatory variable
k-fold cross-validation for large data sets
Probability of drawing a given word from a bag of letters in Scrabble
Statistical significance in canonical correlation analysis
Confusion related to intractability in topic models
Community finding algorithms in large heterogeneous networks
How is this sampling called? (getting a representative sample set for teaching)
Use hierarchical clustering in R to cluster items into fixed size clusters
Finding the right model
Comparison of two curves
What is the loss function of hard margin SVM?
Unsupervised Dimensional reduction for mixed data types
Compare dispersion between two distributions with thick tails
Understanding Differences of Mean between Two Groups
Distribution of Product of Normal and Poisson?
In finding the moment generating function why do we multiply by $e^{tx}$ for each pmf term?
Pros and Cons of different types of regression?
Bayesian model selection in PyMC
In stochastic gradient descent, is there only one update to $\theta$ for each iteration?
Use the improper prior $p(v) \propto 1/v$ into Jags
p-value of hypothesis a home court advantage exists
Simple linear regression with a random predictor
Finding anomalies using moving average in a time series
Fligner test in R, with several variables indicating the grouping
Double integration diverges due to the non-Gaussian noise
Log or square-root transformation for ARIMA
Time Series Analysis for Non-Uniform Data
Why does the Lasso provide Variable Selection?
Fitting a sigmoid function: Why is my fit so bad?
Time Series Modeling with Lagged Variables
Is there any standard for statistical model notation?
Large coefficients in logistic regression
Why Bayes Rule in Naive Bayes compared to simple P(class|features)
Is AIC appropriate for model selection when the parameters are fitted by least-squares rather than MLE
Outlier detection and smoothing for multi dimensional time series
Correct calculation of effect size after Friedman test in a skewed population
Probability as a dependent variable in a time-series regression
Convergence in probability of reciprocal
Convergence in probability of minimum
Imbalanced data classification using Random Forest in matlab
Can posterior distribution for a continuous variable be greater than one?
How to generate from the copula by inverse conditional cdf function of the copula?
Question on calculating power for a prediction based study
Visualizing/explaining multilevel model (dichotomous IV)
Variance of sample mean of bootstrap sample
Why use ${1/\sigma^2}$ as a prior for $\sigma^2$?
Estimating (MLE) 2D Vector Entries by a Noisy Samples of its Entries and its Norm
What are the tool that can help me to find non-informative words in documents for classification and eliminate them?
Calculating the Kolmogorov-Smirnov coefficient
Interpretation of lasso recovery results
Converting standardized betas back to original variables
How to evaluate a regression model's sensitivity to noise
Categorical response variable prediction
Explain the meaning of $\alpha$ in a Kolmogorov-Smirnov two-sample test
Analytical formula for distribution of partial sum of standardized random variable
Comparing (and testing) two discrete distributions with different magnitudes
Equations from linear regression
GPML gives too large length scale when optimising hyperparameters
Combining results with different confidence levels
Lasso-ing the order of a lag?
Manually Calculating P-Value from F-Test - Does not match up
How do I determine the appropriate weight of a point in fantasy basketball?
Statistical test for normalised data
Regression Tree with nested factors
Computing probability of completing a task composed of independent events
Hazard Function - Survival Analysis
Kaplan-Meier statistic with no censoring reduces to empirical survival function
Can I compare models from linear regression and nonlinear regression using RMSE?
modeling cumulative effect of a winter
Can the selling price be treated as a random variable?
Probability that a continuous random variable assumes a fixed point
Prediction using Naive Bayes of klaR package fails
Official name for symmetric percent difference function (x-y)/max(x,y)
Aggregating based on inverse probability weight
Correlation assumption of Hochberg procedure in repeated measures design
Necessary and sufficient condition on joint MGF for independence
Confusion related to correlation in topic models
How do I check for bias of an estimator?
When does it make sense to reject/accept an hypothesis?
Joint probability of two correlated RVs
An unfair coin with different face value problem
For a research project I'm trying to estimate how many videos currently exist on Youtube
Correct use of AIC
Given $n$ ratings from 0 to 1, how to calculate a weighted average estimating the true rating?
What is the 95% confidence interval / ellipse in a PCA plot telling me?
Show that $R_{n}^{2}-n$ and $(-1)^{n} \cos(\pi R_{n}) $ are $\mathcal F_{n}$-martingales
Data split into training and test
Flaw in a conditional probability argument
Bernoulli Confidence Intervals for p very close to 0
Multinomial confidence interval
Fixed point iterations for expectation propagation using energy minimization
What aspects of the Iris data set make it so successful as an example/teaching/test data set
Simpson's Paradox, Combining data across confounding variable when few values are missing
Goodness-of-fit for very large sample sizes
An inequality involving expectation
Linear regression from data that don't represent a function
Total Sum of Squares (TSS) - Exponential Regression
How to get asymptotic covariance matrix when observed information matrix is singular
Panel data: IV with different frequencies
Determine separation between two modes from distribution
Deriving the distribution of the sum of censored variables
Auto-Regressional & Moving Average Model Formula Properties
Significance test across multiple simulated experiments
Good libraries for working with probabilistic graphical models?
Granger Causality Testing With Panel Data
$E(x^k)$ under a Gaussian
Poisson process - calls arriving
Markov Decision Process and its generality
Binning By Equal-Width
Fitting distribution to a given data
Different results by using chi square test and logistic regression
Log-transformed variable is not significant, while variable itself is
Meaning of standard deviation of the mean difference
How can I look for a correlation between dependent variables in a repeated-measures/within-subjects design?
Predicting absolute risk using cox regression
How to analyze intra-rater reliability with 31 raters who all rated 4 subjects twice
Numerical example for MLE for linear regression model
Estimating non-stationary Markov chain transition probabilities from data
Interpreting logit regression with both continuous and categorical variables
Is $f(Y | X)$ in the same family as $f(Y)$?
Cross validation for variable selection and coefficient shrinkage?
Probability of moving house (non-independence problem)
Intuition for Gamma-Poisson / Negative Binomial
How do I combine multiple prior components and a likelihood?
I want to compare two treatment that were given at 5 time-points
Is there a textbook / handbook with full derivations for statistical / machine learning concepts?
shuffle my data to investigate differences between 3 groups
How to analyze this incomplete block design in R?
Best approach to classifying 3-point trajectories?
Inverse correlation of time series data
Most Powerful Test; Two-Parameter Normal Distribution
$E(x^k)$ under truncated $\mathcal{N}(\mu,1)$
Decision Fusion using Multiple Data Sources with different update rates and accuracy
Are growth mixture models just Gaussian mixtures applied to coefficients of polynomials fitted to time-series data?
Implications of current debate on statistical significance
Orthogonality of parameter space
Comparison of average values of data sets
Multiple resampling test/train dataset when choosing new models?
Does full subset selection regression model building suffer from the same handicaps as stepwise regression?
Missing data SPSS paired samples t-test
How to check if the results of two methodologies are the same?
Calibration of Cox regression survival analysis
Confidence intervals and central estimates for a functional of an estimated function with uncertain parameters
Comparing two ordinal regression models
Can and should you use data from repeated responses in a linear mixed-effects model?
Detecting outlier cash movements
What is the minimum historical data/sample data required for a time series forecasting analysis?
Interpretation of Log-level difference-in-differences specification
How to determine a good simulation time?
Do interactions in mixed designs inflate the main effect of fixed factor?
What is the dimension (or units) of a CDF and PDF?
What are the most commonly used predictive models when dealing with binary data?
non-normal data for two-way ANOVA, which transformation to choose?
Find the distribution of (X, X+Y) when X and Y have a given joint Normal distribution
Is it ok to correlate before-and-after data?
Organizing data to feed random forests
GLM with Temporal Data
Unsure how to calculate mean square error of a variable with a joint distribution
Conditional expectation subscript notation
Multinomial regression analyses
Taking the log of variables
Explain the difference between type 1,2,3,4 sums of squares
Calculating precision-recall curve from error matrix in MATLAB
Related sample t-test with missing values
Interarrival time distribution of uniform arrival process
In R how to compute the p-value for area under ROC
Upper and lower limits for numbers of runs
How do I perform a regression on non-normal data which remain non-normal when transformed?
How to determine the x where P(X > x)=.67 from a normal distribution?
Specifying a difference in differences model with multiple time periods
Difference Between ANOVA and Kruskal-Wallis test
Variance of a sample - proof
How to obtain SE for covariates that enter a regression directly and through a interaction term?
Validation of mixed-effect models
Comparing facial curvature of two human faces
Calculating the marginals given the conditional distributions
Determining the amount of lag in an autoregressive model
Can someone help me interpret these findings?
Is this classifier random?
3D Gaussian basis function
Separate opening and extension penalties for indels
GLMM model specification help gender effects + an effect that is nested only within female
How do I identify those specific observations in which a given variable has the widest variation in response?
Is there a statement for the median like the central limit theorem for the mean?
How to determine which method is the most reasonable clustering results?
Simulating data for mixed models
Interpreting a plot of n confidence intervals for the mean and variance
Diagnostic for VAR model. non normal
Transformation of the datasets with negative numbers for exponential graph?
How to test the randomness of a sequence of real m-tuples?
How to simulate rare events with extremely low probability
Need help comparing graphs
Inequality of elements of hat matrix
How to check if two variables are dependent given a third variable?
Two independent events affect probability of third event: find CI for third event
Bootstrapping estimates larger than full data estimate
In regression, which distribution will have the largest standard deviation?
Comparing proportions of 2 groups. Do I need to know the actual number affected?
In regression, if the residuals are correlated with X then what assumption has most likely been violated?
What is an intuitive explanation of why we want homoskedasticity in a regression?
Handling Infrequently Occurring Categorical Variables
Estimating a VAR model with variable coefficients
Proof of Convergence in Probability
Why are diagnostics based on residuals?
Implementing a vector autoregressive model where only one variable is of interest
Rate of convergence for SLLN
Show that a given estimator is biased and consistent
Autoregressive prior distributions
How to calculated Confidence Interval for autocorrelated and lognormally distributed data?
Is it appropriate to use categorical data with logit and/or linear regression?
Solving optimization problems in python and/or R
What are the differences between two kinds of PCA?
Interpretation of gamma response distribution with inverse link function
Is there such a thing as a matched-pairs t-test between two lists of proportions?
Summing black-box confidence
Distance weighted probability
Self-Study Plan for Becoming Statistical Analyst?
Overcoming small dataset anomalies in genetic algorithm
Regression analysis in R using text field?
Ridge regression not appropriate for collinearity caused by mathematical constraints on the data
Interpreting the residuals vs. fitted values plot for verifying the assumptions of a linear model
Bayesian inference adaptable to not mutually exlclusive events?
Covariance of timeseries
Encoding prior knowledge into an AB test
Get probability of no positive results in a population?
Comparing multiclass classification algorithms for a particular application
Truncated singular value decomposition
Back-transforming a reflected logged variable
Effect of Age-Period-Cohort on prediction and interactions
generalized linear model help in SPSS (and in general)
R: Anova and Linear Regression
2D multivariate normal coverage probability
Model comparison in SPSS
Demonstration of sample quantile bias
Is it possible that grid search would fail in two dimensional feature space?
Best way to visualize predictions from a linear model
What are the main differences between classical and Gibbs sampling Latent Dirichlet Allocations?
Logistic Regression and how to judge model fit and parameter influence
Skew of log-normal distribution using sciPy
finding an optimal subgroup of binary indicators
How to generate Random C4.5 Trees in R
Weird formula for linear regression
half-cauchy prior for scale parameter
Subspace clustering in R using package orclus
What is the expected number of steps before the spider exits? Markov Chain
Convergence in Probability of the minimum
Neural network weights explode in linear unit
How to divide feature set for selection and training
I want to prove that these definitions of expected value hold
Time series data analysis - determining significance between treatment and control
Confusion related to precision and recall
Goodness-of-Fit for continuous variables
Information theoretic substitute for precision and recall?
Comparing power law fits with large uncertainties
Nested random effects group size using lme (in nlme)
Integrate with eCDF quickly in R
Examples for One class SVM in R
How to figure out what numbers often appear together in a dataset?
How to combine likelihoods from multiple binomial trials. Can we also determine the overall FDR?
How is Hyndman's explanation of proper Time Series Cross Validation different from Leave-One-Out?
Fitting lower-order interactions with higher order main effects
Ordinal regression: proportional odds assumption
Estimates of probablility of a hospitalization within short periods (10,7, 3 days) after a clinical event
Estimate Poisson mean with partial data?
Calculating effect size variance from adjusted means (or least squared means)
Unsupervised pre-training for Reinforcement Learning
Why is this happening with the $\chi^2$ test? Is there a test without this sample size problem?
Obtaining single connected component through uniform sampling in a circle
Explaining a boxplot and providing a reference in a technical paper
determining probability of spatial pattern metric greater than some instance
Interpolation problem
Correlated Bernoulli random variables
Classifier for only one class
Order statistics: Probability that a normal random variable is k-th out of n when ordered
How to calculate relative error of a random variable?
Visualizing longitudinal data with binary outcome
Fisher information $J_y(\theta)$ for transformation $y=F(x)$
Examples of Hetero- and Homoscedasticity with the Same Dependent Variable?
I want to show $E(X)=\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}P(X\ge n)$
Plot 3 density plots in the same graph, showing also standard deviation limits in each one
interpretation from loess graph
What is the intuition behind exchangeable samples under the null hypothesis?
Why is chi square used when creating a confidence interval for the variance?
How to integrate users' profile information into a recommender system
Standardizing response variable in shrinkage/regularization
Conjugate inverseGamma prior and Multivariate normal?
Interview question
How can I estimate the precision of a normal using a Gibbs sampler?
Holt Winters for multiple customers and output with R
What is error structure?
Showing that a statistic is ancillary for a parameter
Which test should I run?
Unassigned classes in Multiclass SVM with One vs All Approach
Principal Component Analysis: whether a variable is significantly loaded on a principal component or not?
Using R and hidden Markov models to predict pseudorandom binary sequences better than P > .5?
Is there a one-tailed test for difference in data variance in a mixed model?
Regression through PCA
Likert Scale Analysis
Error system is computationally singular when running a glm
2D binary classification
Probabilities from Logistic Regression
Extension to the Binomial Distribution with a continuous number of trials
Is there a computationally less expensive way to calculate RMS error between two signals?
How can I analyze win rate over time (i.e. on/off data over time)?
Time series for network matrices?
Does Sampling Frequency matter for Time Series analysis?
Simulation setting for the average treatment effect on the treated (ATT)
How to find cutoff values in multinomial regression?
Two-Sample Problem Questions
What is the time complexity of Lasso regression
What is the appropriate test for comparing means?
Estimating variance of center-censored Normal samples
Why do PCA and Factor Analysis return different results in this example?
How to prove three properties of the moment generating function?
ARMA(1,1) Unique Solution
Exclude an RGB color from a set
EM algorithm with a component for outliers
Finding the most important product feature for a customer
Interpretation of hypothesis testing
Distribution of Extreme Spread for n, sigma
Visualising a linear model using effects package in R
Twitter user data - Fixed Effects Logit the right/only choice?
The number 2 in Deviance
Sampling from more than one population
Distribution of a sample from a normal population
Pandas Statsmodels Time series seasonal forecasting
How to choose the split in Random forest for categorical predictors (features)?
Apply Bayes to multiple conditions
Q: what book on Bayesian statistics, preferably with R?
Test if people drop out or decrease bets after repeated losses
Significance of R Squared in Random Forest / GBM and GBM Tuning Parameters
Applying kernel function to input data before giving it to algorithm
Correcting for heteroskedasticity in Logit fixed-effects model
Inequality based conditional cumulative sum
covariate significant
Logistic regression shows linear margins for different levels of independent variables
Repeated-measures multiple regression that takes care of sphericity in R
Need to verify sample is representative of known population of animals
Diagnosis of normality assumption and fitting linear regression in R
Procedure for finding boundaries
Frequentist /Bayesian hybrid for model selection: make sense?
Combining p-values from different statistical tests applied on the same data
Define Priors for Dirichlet Distribution parameters in JAGS
Is factor analysis appropriate for repertory grid data?
Slope error after transform?
Probability of drawing all balls in a non-uniformly distributed population
John Kerrich Coin-flip Data
dependent samples & correction for multiple testing
Using REML in mixed models if random factor is small
Using $\chi^2$ or Fisher's exact test with low expected counts
Parametric modelling with accelerated failed-time models
Can this be modelled?
How to write log-likelihood for beta-geometric with optim() in R?
When n increases the t-value increases in a hypothesis test, but the t-table is just the opposite. Why?
How to compare the mean of two samples whose data fits exponential distributions
Question on terminology
Machine Learning to Predict Class Probabilities
Non-Stationary Time Series Forecasting
How to calculate the binomial probability when expected frequency is a random variable
Test the convergence of a neural network
Why describe a sample as i.i.d.?
data-transformation for multi-state analysis using traminer/mstate
Numeric example of data for special case of stepwise linear regression
Modularity of graph: why are probabilities of self-loop included?
Supervised machine learning method to forecast energy demand according to multiple variables
Question about performing k-fold CV with caret
When is MCMC required?
IV and Mediator have reciprocal relation
What is the difference between function createFolds and createDataPartition in caret
Finding underlying distribution of proportion data
Why does R use standard deviation instead of variance in normal distribution?
z-test vs t-test under assumptions
Proof that regression residual error is an unbiased estimate of error variance
Sufficient statistic for function of parameter
Estimability and less than full rank model matrices
Extract BIC and AICc from arima() object
paired t-test advantages - literature reference
Show that expected Fisher information for location families is a constant function
PDF of sum of one continuous logistic and one Bernoulli random variables
rain cloud radar image prediction
Displaying fine variation across multiple orders of magnitude
Matrix Factorization Model for recommender systems how to determine number of latent features?
Is the F-1 score symmetric?
Predictive model from ordinal panel data
Distribution of logically constrained parameters in Monte Carlo simulation
How to derive Bias of PCA estimator
In importance sampling, why should the importance density have heavier tails?
How does one prove $\int_{0}^{a}B(t)dt\sim \mathcal N(0,\frac{a^3}{3})$?
What is estimated unbiased variance of the error term?
Low intraclass correlation although between variance is very high in random effects model
R's stats::aov and nlme::lme produce conflicting results
Multiple regression or partial correlation?
Generating normal random samples given covariance matrix and observations on some components?
How is $\lambda$ tuning parameter in lasso logistic regression generated
Area Under ROC Curve for Multiple Classes
Nested Anova Question:
Kalman filter observation model
When designing experiments why is it necessary to have multiple groups run in parallel?
Retrieving minimum width that contains specified fraction of all values
Alternatives to Horvitz–Thompson estimator
Truncated Explanatory Variable
Clustering with K-Means and EM: how are they related?
Is there an implementation of Item-Item Collaborative Filtering in R?
What is the difference between McNemar's test and the chi-squared test, and how do you know when to use each?
Anova. Homoscedasticity not respected
What's the value of ANOVA/LME?
How to compare variability within and between groups?
Estimated marginal means significant, interaction not
Fligner.test with R
Comparing linear models
Assumption violations with heteroscedastic data and OLS regression
significant differences between groups in gender
Test whether two multinomial samples come from the same distribution
SVM regression with LIBSVM and python - Expected runtime
Robust regression and Sandwich estimators
How can I interpret what I get out of PCA?
What is the distribution of an outer product of random values mod P?
How to deal with dirty data without decreasing the generalization power of the model?
Interpreting principal component loads for linear regression in R
Metropolis-Hastings to sample from dependent random variables
How to do mixed logistic regression with multiple repeated measures in R?
Calculating confidence interval of a combination of variables of different distributions?
Functionality missing in the Python ecosystem but present in R's
Posterior distribution as a distribution for a new random variable?
SPSS Batch Processing Method
Why some non linear models can be fitted with the Gauss Markov assumptions?
Determine most likely values for two variables given the probability distribution of their differences
Finding inflection points in R from smoothed data
How many comparisons do I need to rank using Bradley-Terry?
How to test whether the variance of two distributions is different if the distributions are not normal
Model generation during nested cross validation
Correction for multiple testing with unequal sample sizes
Information theoretic alternative to hypergeometric test
Analysis of longitudinal data with very few points
Deriving the asymptotic distribution of a particular equation
Classification of data with incomplete label sets
How do I check if my data fits an exponential distribution?
select words randomly in proportion to their frequencies
Simulating longitudinal lognormal data in R
How to detect discernible structure in scatter plots?
Random Forest, is it a boosting algorithm?
Is Hoeffding's bound tight in any way?
Is this a 2-ways repeated measures ANOVA?
What is the intuition behind the variation of information (VI) metric for cluster validation?
How do I find co-occurring labels?
How to adjust measured values depending on control values?
How to explain difference of importance between feature selection and model quality?
Question re permutation tests for a relatively complex data set
Covariance matrix proposal distribution
Dealing with underdetermination in Bayesian models
Bayes-factor for testing a null-hypothesis?
Is the mean of n independent Bernoulli random variables normal?
Difference of 'centers' of 2 non-normal samples with Mann-Whitney test
Taylor series expansion of maximum likelihood estimator, Newton-Raphson, Fisher scoring and distribution of MLE by Delta method
Lisrel: Goodness-of-fit with FIML and missing data
Central Limit Theorem - interval estimation
Full and fractional factorial designs
Does the sandwich estimator in GEE protect against both correlation misspecification and heteroscedasticity?
Exponential family where set of natural parameters has empty interior
Should I take the arithmetic mean of variates which vary on smaller time scales in a linear regression?
MLE on a restricted parameter space
Can I say independent components of ICA are also linear independent?
Terminology - Comparing Z Scores
Comparing Elo Ranking system with another ranking system
Cost function in cv. glm for a fitted logistic model when cutoff value of the model is not 0.5
Hypothesis testing for multiple distributions
Mixed-model or not? Case-study in R
What diagnostics for random effects logistic regression?
$\mathbb{E}$ and Variance of the maximum of independent $\mathcal{N}(\mu_i, \sigma_i^2)$
How do I correctly produce a prior/posterior plot from MCMC chains in Bayesian hierarchical models?
Multivariate student t distribution as a mixture of distribution
Basic question regarding n of 1 study. Four weeks intervention
Cronbach's Alpha with missing data
What is a high dimensional multivariate data set?
Problem with big Data in TraMineR
How to analyze data which might come from a few normal distribution concatenate together in order?
Which statistical analyses should I use?
Alternative ways to define markov chain states?
Fractional polynomial model not converging in Stata
Algorithms/methods for detecting regime changes in data rates
Posterior distribution
Fitting NLS algorithm
Probability to get equal cars
Good internal factor structure but poor cronbach alpha?
Tests if means between factors are significantly different
Why is the distribution of rand()^2 different than of rand()*rand()?
Which statistical tool can compare binary and ordinal data?
Convergence in probability and inequality
Memory problems using pROC library in R to estimate confidence interval for area under the curve
Mean of Posterior distribution
Graphical representation of variance
Unit root tests: how to decide if to include a trend and/or a constant
ICC - unclear comment from reviewer
I have 2 problems with conditional probability, involving coins and dice
Significant result with one-way anova test but not with Scheffe test?
How to take mobility into account: multiple regression
Total probability theorem with normal probability density functions
ANOVA with huge dataset - use only the mean for each condition?
Asymmetrical Order Effects in Within Subject Design
Method/workflow for analyzing data with changing structure?
R - show movement of points
Estimating population size of a subgroup based on independent samples without replacement
Computing the Gini index
How to explain this unit root process?
In regression analysis, if a potential third variable is a function of two others, is it (necessarily) redundant?
How to calculate cumulative standards errors from several ones?
Why does the accuracy of the central limit theorem for a mean depends on the skewness of the random variables being summed?
Log-linear or poisson model with R
Correct model to use in travel speed analysis
High concordance in cox PH model even though PH assumption is violated
Comparing nested binary logistic regression models when $n$ is large
What is autocorrelation function?
Which test is appropriate for comparing Pre and Post intervention data?
Calculate p values based on differences between bootstrapped 95% confidence intervals
Bivariate Normal distribution and correlation
How can I interpret a regression model with a variable that appears as an inverse?
Take the residual of a logistic regression model and use it as a response variable in another model
Statistical comparison of 2 independent Cohen's ds
Proving basic probability inequalities
On the hardness of data to learn
Main idea of Bagging
Estimate single ARIMA for multiple timeseries
Canonical Correlation analysis without raw data
Does party package in R provide out-of-bag estimates of error for Random Forest models?
What is the difference between entropy and deviance?
Posterior distribution of the parameter knowing the prior
Fitting distributions
Wide swings in SVM performance with different training/test sets
Why can't I match lmer for family = binomial?
How do I address a known bias in my sample?
Intuition behind the names 'partial' and 'marginal' correlations
How to show a series with Cauchy converges in distribution to a degenerate random variable?
Apriori candidate pruning
State of the art: Non parametric density estimation with a boundary and data clumped near zero
Does undersampling help to build a better model?
Question about identification for this parametrization
Classify and regress at the same time
Panel data: OLS assumptions
Degree of freedom with mixed model , using nlme package?
Is MLE more efficient than Moment method?
Expected value of an indicator function
Survival analysis cycle time dependent variable
Sum of sample mean and sample variance sampling distribution
Is this an application of Frisch-Waugh-Lovell theorem?
Perform feature normalization before or within model validation?
Mann-Whitney U test with very large sample size?
How to express the difference between two percentages?
Logistic regression and maximum entropy
Generalized linear models with continuous proportions
are there any nonparametric forecasting methods?
stepwise selection on Negative Binomial regression model
Gradient boosting algorithm (steps) question
Pearson's chi-square goodness of fit test
unbalanced response variable
Two-Way ANOVA with non-sig interaction effect: is it reasonable to argue for an interaction from simple effects?
Prove Confidence of Rule
Select a formula-based model by AIC
Must the SD of a 'bell shaped' distribution be less than the SD of a skewed distribution with the same range?
How many days are required for neural network prediction of dax future?
Maximal & closed frequent -- Answer Included
CV on training set with feature selection
Kriging without covariance?
Simple $\chi^2$ test question
The logic behind MSE
What can I do with these two time series?
Intuitive difference between real and imaginary components of Gabor filter?
Can Kaplan Meier method be used to estimate left-censored data?
How to specify partially crossed random effect in lme?
Interpretation of intercept in Helmert coding
Why are kernel methods with RBFs effective for handwritten digits (letters) classification?
Gambler's ruin, fun problem
Standarizing testing data to mean zero and unit variance on its own or from training data
How to present the results of numerical comparisons
Deviance vs Pearson goodness-of-fit
Power of $\chi^2$ tests for homogeneity and independence
Ordering ratios
The cross validation (CV) and the generalized cross validation (GCV) statistics
What is the relationship between profile likelihood and confidence intervals?
Correlation of distribution standard deviation with subtraction of its mean from mean of normal distribution
How can I replicate R forecasts for seasonal ARIMA?
Which notation for confusion matrix is more accurate?
Correct approach to assessing correlation between events in time domain?
Dependence of distribution standard deviation with subtraction of its mode from mean of normal distribution
Examples of Hard Expectation Maximization other than clustering?
Testing to see if a population is normal?
How do I get the amplitude and phase for sine wave from lm() summary?
Simulating Poisson Processes
How to interpret glmnet?
Probability that a random variable comes from one of two normal distributions
How are partial regression slopes calculated in multiple regression?
What, exactly, does the coordinate gradient descent algorithm do?
Why does correlation come out the same on raw data and z-scored (standardized) data?
Linear model fit seems off in R
Mixed Models : Effect of Adding Individual Level Predictor on Between Group Residual Variance
tensor cross covariance calculation
Invariance property of MLE: what is the MLE of $\theta^2$ of normal, $\bar{X}^2$?
Bayesian Aproach: Infering the N and $\theta$ values from a binomial distribution
log-linked GLM Gamma vs log-linked GLM Gaussian vs log-transformed LM
Optimization of multiple objective functions with constraints
External model validation using new data for prediction: How large of a drop in $R^2$ is significant?
Weibull Distribution v/s Gamma Distribution
Why some people test regression-like model assumptions on their raw data and other people test them on the residual?
Why does differencing time-series introduce negative autocorrelation
Logistic Regression and Inflection Point
Why are confidence intervals computed by the delta method so uneven?
Books about penalized regression
Shanken (1992) correction for t-statistics
How to report the ratio of two sets of experimental results?
How to extract MLR fit measures generated by the Lavaan package of R
Approximation of the variance of the first order statistic (min) of normal random variates
Detecting outliers using correlogram
Comparing population proportions vs hypothesis testing
Degrees of freedom in theoretical sample variance (for use in F-distribution)
Test of independence vs test of homogeneity
Choosing significance level alpha and max_lag for Granger causality
Control charts of seasonal data
Comparing clustering of sequences in datasets with different N?
In what conditions does naive Bayes classifier perform poorly?
How to prove $(X_{n})_{n\in \mathbb N}$ and $(Y_{n})_{n\in \mathbb N}$ are supermartingale and $(Y_{n})_{n\in \mathbb N}$ is convergence to -7
How to interpret cubed root transformation?
Ordinal and longitudinal data
Expectation of a function of a random variable
Follow up of cluster analysis with membership prediction
Mincer-Zarnowitz regression
ARIMA estimation by hand
Is this a split plot?
What happens when you initialize EM with a consistent estimate?
Trees and Cross Validation - # misclass
Estimating most important features in a k-means cluster partition
Expected value of minimum order statistic from a normal sample
Intra- and inter- observer error, and the intra-class correlation coefficient (ICC)
Inconsistency in model diagnostics multinomial regression
What statistical test should I use for this situation?
Test for significance of unexpected non-linear trend
Is the absolute value of the difference between two Poisson distributions a Poisson distribution?
Estimation of the shape parameter of gamma distribution in Winbugs
Nod and shake detection
Calibration of weights for market research survey
Problem of simultaneity
Confidence intervals for transition probabilities between known discrete states
How interactions between explanatory variables can be found using binary recursive partitioning?
How many zeros in an independent variable are too many for regression?
Zero-inflated negative binomial
How can the formula for the expectation of a log-normal random variable be dimensionally sound?
How to check if my data fits log normal distribution?
Predicting Data.
Proposal distributions for covariance matrices in MCMC implementation of hierarchical models
Perfect separation error message for glm with binomial but not with quasibinomial family
Negative Binomial Process
Measuring correlation when multiple data points in a sample are provided by the same subject
What class of non linear functions can be modeled by a neural network
The joint pdf of two random variables defined as functions of two iid chi-square
When may I make a Bayesian interpretation of the posterior?
Can any of the standard techniques (logistic regression, lda, qda, svm) be used to perform asymmetric classification?
Which clustering algorithm is suitable for one-dimensional Lists without knowing k?
What is the standard format of the equation that represents the production of this daughter isotope?
Why use vector error correction model?
Coding for an ordered covariate
How can this inequality be otherwise expressed?
MANOVA with unequal sample sizes
Which one to use Splines / Interaction or both?
Bayesian method to compare correlations
Hierarchical clustering on defined labeled clusters
R - Find curve pattern of simple time series
How to identify the distribution of data?
Expected Value of cumulative distribution function
When wouldn't I use LASSO for model selection?
Plotting summary statistics with mean, sd, min and max?
Inverse function for a non-decreasing CDF
What's the difference between the output of Ridge regression with linearRidge in ridge package and lm.ridge in MASS package?
Assign weights to variables in cluster analysis
is Shapiro Wilk test insensitive on the tails?
Large difference between OLS and quantile regression coefficient?
Computing a conditional joint density
Why would scaling features decrease SVM performance?
Likelihood function of truncated data
IV estimator: efficient implementation?
Sequential linear estimation: Is MSE non-increasing?
How can I make my data fit normal distribution?
Similarity between two sets of random values
Quantile regression vs. Li's regression: which should I use, and when?
Checking assumptions lmer/lme mixed models in R
Pooled time series
how the uncertainty of the coefficient in the model affect the uncertainty of the fit
Control parameter minsplit for rpart in regression tree
Calculating 10 year probability using hazard ratios?
Are there any known methods for picking out the easy cases for classification?
Generate QQ plot for sets of different size
How to describe the failure of this linear modelling?
How does dimensionality of network topology affect self organising maps?
Neural network for multivariate time series
Independent gamma and normal distribution
Show that if $X\ge 0$ , $E(X)\le \sum_{n=0}^{\infty}P(X>n)$
Procedure for fitting an ARMA/GARCH Model
Chi-squared test of homogeneity
Application of likelihood ratio test to test the Markov property
MCMC and degree of freedoms (small number of observations)
Understanding Dempster et al. on expectation maximization
The best distribution and regression method when modelling count data?
Stata rreg and reg, robust
glmm unbalanced nested random factors
Sample size calculation for comparison of 3 proportions
Is there an alternative representation for $E[\max\{X,Y\}]$?
Percentile bootstrap confidence interval
Variance of a difference in marginal proportions in a three-way contingency table
What is the proper way to summarize class attendance and GPA?
non normal subsample within normal sample: parametric or nonparametric?
Confusion: different definitions of MAP estimation in Graphical Models (MRFs)
Iteratively reweighted least squares : asymmetric weights
Multiple weights in multilevel models
Handling redundant factor variable levels for linear regressions in R
Cause of singularity in matrix for quantile regression
I want to calculate $\int B(t)^2 dB(t)$ where $B(t)$ is Brownian motion
ARIMA continuous forecasting
Plot data with small differences but large scales
Calculating the probability of an inequality with two random variables
Mixed effects model validation and selection with `lme4::glmer`
Log transformed variable and main effect
Plot cost function for Random Forest against sample size in R
Finding the mean of a Gaussian distributed random variable given the variance
Data analysis tool with semantic capabilities?
Endogenous treatment effects: exogenous covariates
Calculation of variance in boundary cases of constrained likelihood
Replacing outliers with mean
Characterizing a time-series using autocorrelation lag values
One sided confidence interval for the mean
Fitting data to describe data the best way
Do ensemble techniques increase VC-dimension?
Confidence interval of RMSE
Show there's a disjoint partition over the sample space
Dirac measure integral
I want to show $e^{-\alpha t}B(e^{2\alpha t})$ is a Gaussian process and I find mean and covariance functions
Kernel interpretation of Manhattan distance / Lp norms
How to test whether a time series is significantly non-zero at any point in time?
Chi-squared test with 0 expected values
F-test for equality of regression coefficients
Maximum Likelihood Estimator of rate parameter of the exponential distribution (MLE)
What does a confidence interval with a negative endpoint mean?
scikit-learn score metric
What does it mean to 'align data frequencies'?
Why is that the mean forecasting error is minimized when Conditional Expectation is used
How to know if a data follows a Poisson Distribution in R?
How to solve the expectation of continuous random variable
Time series clustering: Fourier transform and PCA
Is it possible to combine the F-test and t-test to test for differences in both the variance and the mean?
Estimating the mean prediction
Longitudinal Study into attention bias and insomnia - What test to use?
Confusion in Expectation Propagation energy function
How to know if my data fits Pareto distribution?
Please help with this expectation problem
Posterior covariance of Normal-Inverse-Wishart not converging properly
Null hypothesis of t-test and ANOVA
Dependency between two independent experiments pointless?
MLE estimator - dividing the log likelihood by n gives different result
Why is using cross-sectional data to infer / predict longitudinal changes a Bad Thing?
Clustering data for occurrence
Numerical differentiation (derivative) and downsampling
Determine individual consistency from mixed model?
Matthews correlation coefficient - how much is a good classifier
Python + R: How much R do I need to know to use random R libraries in python Using Rpy2
Is a saturated model a special case of a overfitted model?
General linear hypothesis testing in repeated-measures multivariate linear model
How to show that answers to a set of 16 questions are different based on gender.
Accept-reject algorithm for Beta(1,$\beta$)
Instrumental variables and mixed/multilevel models
Interpreting Shannon entropy
How to do model selection for Cox Proportional Hazards Model when stratifying?
Question on the consequences of the Kolmogorov axioms
Parameters and parameter estimation in graphical models
About the stationarity of a sine wave
How to resolve Simpson's paradox?
Logarithmic Regression by hand
How to correctly compute p-value for hypothesis test?
testing if intercept=0 and slope coefficient=1
Can a feed-forward network with n units per layer perform worse than a network with <n units?
Does this model make any sense?
Random effect with 0 variance in GLMM
Non-normality of residuals in linear regression of very large sample in SPSS
Comparison of two error distributions to determine goodness of fit
What are disadvantages of state-space models and Kalman Filter for time-series modelling?
Log-normal model learning optimization
How can I pool bootstrapped p-values across multiply imputed data sets?
Using AIC to test the direction of causality
Using Ltm package to calclate 3PL some lines of data seem to go missing
Interpreting odds ratios less than 1 with 3-category outcome
Confusion relating to Alpha Cronbach
How to extract covariance (error) matrix of independent parameters x,y from covariance matrix of dependent parameters x,y,z?
Clustering inertia formula in scikit learn
Should pruning be avoided for bagging (with decision trees)?
Estimating the minimum of a finite probability mass function
Term frequency/inverse document frequency (TF/IDF): weighting
Is there a function in R that takes the centers of clusters that were found and assigns clusters to a new data set
1 control group vs. 2 treatments: one ANOVA or two t-tests? (3 or more groups = ANOVA but explanation needed)
Use a clustering as a segmentation
Theory behind non-linear mixed effect models
optimum tree from random forests
Canonical Correlation Definitions
When using Nonmetric Multidimensional Scaling, is there an explanatory metric similar to loadings in PCA?
Simple linear regression: confidence interval?
How to use profile likelihood?
Modeling prior probability as a delta function
Determining distribution of a set of ordered numbers
Estimating the distribution from partially aggregated data
Contrast matrix definition
Fitting two sets of values by changing x-axis
Quadratic discriminant analysis (QDA) with qualitative predictors in R
Disadvantages of the Kullback-Leibler divergence
What is the non-parametric equivalent of a two-way ANOVA that can include interactions?
Best way to use many explanatory dummy variables to determine highest proportion of successes
How to check the assumption of equal error variance might be violated?
scale estimate for positive and negative data
regression with indepdent variables that I know the relative weight of
Data smoothing with derivative constraints
Intuition behind the t-distributions density function
Theoretical performance of different classifiers
Measuring distance between two empirical distributions
To log or not to log?
Is there a systematic study of the effects of choosing the wrong distribution to model data?
Compare coefficients across groups in panel data set
ARIMA model sensitivity
How can I use likelihoods to compare these three groups? Should I want to do this?
Wilcoxon one-tailed test
Estimating successes while obtaining Bernoulli samples
How to test for spatial correlation in the residuals of a dynamic panel data model?
Subsample of a random sample?
multiple measures mediation analysis
Truncated Poisson Asymptotics
(non) linear regression on graphs with multiple y per x values
Nonlinear regression: best transformation when getting very different parameter estimates
Good introductory biology/genetics readings for statisticians?
How can I form ARIMA equation given MA and AR terms
Probability and Sampling distribution
Significance of time course difference over interval
Classifier or regression for binary system?
Statistical analysis approach for seed germination and viability study
Correct test for proportions
Does more variables mean tighter confidence intervals?
How to run chi-squared test on imputed data
Value of independent variable based on a particular linear model or otherwise
What is this distribution? Inverted S / cursive N
Can non-paired data have dependency?
LASSO with L1 loss function
Intuition or explanation of rule of thumb for loss of degrees of freedom in chi-square for model selection/knot placement?
Number of trials needed to increment a counter variable
How to make similarity matrix from two distributions?
Visually inspecting normality of variables
What does deviance represent: a number of points?
Fisher's exact test
Three important issues
Bayesian Linear Regression is so hard to understand?
How to prove that calibration is not data dredging
How to determine effect of random factors and slopes and their variance in Mixed Model
The rule of the 3 sigmas ---- how many times multiply the sigma to get 85%?
Joint pdf of functions of order statistics
Methods / approach to improve the predictive accuracy of a logistic regression model
Consequences of the Neyman-Pearson lemma?
Regression tree algorithm with linear regression models in each leaf
T-test with sample standard deviation of zero. Possible?
Stats is not maths?
Learning curve shows decreasing accuracy
Correlation between two Decks of cards?
Centralization measures in weighted graphs
When combining p values, why not just averaging?
Probability of drawing some number when randomly selecting subsets of size L
Differences in power in regression versus mean of a ratio
ARIMAX order stock price predictions
How to choose prior in Bayesian parameter estimation
Outlier detection in very small sets
What is the best method of performing a chi-squared test with only one set of data?
What is the Dirichlet equivalent of a Beta (1,1) distribution?
Direction of the z-scores in randomForest
Ordinal model comparison: lower deviance but lower accuracy, is this possible?
Predicting Naive Bayes model in R on a test data with a single record
What characteristics of the distribution of a test statistic can be inferred using a bootstrap?
Multiple imputation for missing values
Evaluation of a semi-supervised ranking model
Assessing fit with identity line in Q-Q plot
Good strategy for multiclass classification (when there is hierarchical class structure )
Significance of dummy variables in regression
Gower distance and MDS: How to determine which variables count?
Bayesian inference on possibly-non-linear effects
Inconsistent delta.chisq.scaled using Lavaan and semTools?
Generating Random Vectors with Arbitrary Marginal Distributions via NORTA
How to deal with unbalanced group sizes in mixed design analysis?
Trying to Refine SARIMA models
Ordinal regression models vs. nominal regression models
Book/Website recommentation on probability distributions usage
How to interpret the lasso selection plot
In hypothesis testing, does a p-value less than alpha always mean you reject NH?
How to find/estimate probability density function from density function in R
Role of orthogonal constraints (X^TX=I) in linear discriminant analysis?
Calculate $E(X)$ and $\sigma(X)$ for a simple urn problem
Scaling hinge loss in SVM
Unknown number of colours Bernoulli Urn
Looking for an adaptMCMC (R package for adaptive MCMC sampling) tutorial
What is Polychoric Correlation Coefficient intuitively?
SPSS GLMM Data Structure setup advice
Trouble understanding posterior probabilities
Bounds (or model) for estimating probability from generating process
Poisson or binomial regression?
Automated approach to find patterns and correlations between multiple sets of data
Measure of absolute goodness-of-fit and good reference measure for cross validation in ordinal regression
ARIMA vs ARMA on the differenced series
Different regularization parameter per parameter
Neural network for prediction
Difference between MANOVA and two-way ANOVA
Noncentrality parameter in two-sample-t-test (Power analysis)
Regression for outcomes truncated from both sides
Goodness of fit test for exponential distribution
In linear regression, how to test if doubling of x leads to a doubling of log-transformed y?
Compute a probability using stochastic simulation
Calculate the likelihood of two consecutive events
Chosing the reference group in a regression with a non-ordinal predictor
Can I use Wilcoxon Signed-Rank Test to test pairs of data in a time series?
Correlation coefficients for ordered data: Kendall's Tau vs Polychoric vs Spearman's rho
Pairwise comparisons for a regression with sandwich estimates (in R)
notebook or desktop PC for datamining projects
linear (?) mixed models help?! - simple question from a simple mind
sketching sampling distribution
How to create a bivariate normal distribution
eta-squared by hand
Can Random Forests do much better than the 2.8% test error on MNIST?
How do you control for a factor/variable?
Does the central limit theorem imply the law of large numbers
Coefficients and Standard Errors
Estimate duration using categorical data
Regression or Manova?
Class labels in data partitions
Is there a difference between 'controlling for' and 'ignoring' other variables in multiple regression?
How should tiny p-values be reported? (and why does R put a minimum on 2.22e-16?)
A gallery of charts, diagrams, and plot types
Measure for Separability
Multiple linear regression question
Hypothesis test between ordered categorical independant var and continuous dep. var
Word association
Sum of variances from regression coefficients, larger then total variance. Why?
Is the MCMC simply a probabilistic gradient descent?
Is it ever appropriate to put dependent variables in a model when they calculate the independent variable directly?
Principal component analysis with time series
Formal statistical test for comparing likelihood distributions obtained via MCMC
Distribution of three dependent random variables
about construction of simultaneous test envelope
What happens when SEM is conducted with a rank-based DV?
Generating samples from Copula in R
What is an F test
Conditional Distribution over the unit disc
two sample mean comparison with small and nonnormal data
When Should The Following Tests Be Run
Repeated measures ANOVA with unbalanced data
How would one use the pi-lambda theorem in determining that a CDF completely defines the distribution of a random variable?
Response variable bounded by dependent variable
Mathematical Explanations behind ANOVA
At what point does LDA (Latent Dirichlet Allocation) not make sense to use?
How can I estimate theta for the inverse hyperbolic sine transformation?
Should I exclude predictor variables if used to create a new one?
Distribution of sum of squares of T-distributed random variables
What theory of estimation does apply when estimation follows model selection?
When is it appropriate to select models by minimising the AIC?
How to calculate a course ranking
What is the exact meaning of the t-value in the student t test?
How Gradient boosting can be more interpretable than CART?
What is the meaning of angle brackets?
t-test for more than 30 samples?
What's the name of this quantile curve estimation technique?
Zero inflate models vs generalized mixture model
How to show $P_{\hat X}=P_{X}$, where $P_{X}$ is a known distribution?
I want to show$X : ((0,1],\mathcal B,\lambda)\to \mathbb R$ is random variable
What's the best way to test the uniformity of location data?
Good PCA examples for teaching
Gradient in GMM estimation
What is exactly code vector and quantization vector of self organizing map?
Sum of absolute values of T random variables
Showing MGF of Poisson converges to MGF of N(0,1)
Random effect on the intercept in models with categorical predictor
Law of Large numbers and central limit theorem
Random Forest: more trees gave worse results
Characterizing rank along lower envelope of points
Performance metrics to evaluate unsupervised learning
How can I get a whole treatment effect for a 3 level categorical variable in a GLMM (glmmPQL in R)
Do I need to rescale dummy variables for PCA?
Why PCA of data by means of SVD of the data?
Using the probability generating function to find the probability of ultimate extinction
How to validate a Bayesian result?
Checking cox.zph in R after time transformation of covariates
Help with hypothesis test and generalised likelihood ratio test
How to compare two samples of frequencies with categorical x values where one is subset of the other
Linear regression with constrained coefficient
References for spatial modeling with Bayesian belief networks in medical applications
Using PC scores in PCA
nonparametric MARS regression
Generating null distributions by a residual permutation procedure
Missing input value during prediction of a generalized linear model
Validity Index Pseudo F for K-Means Clustering
Hamiltonian Monte Carlo: why is reparameterizing needed?
How to Reduce Error Term
Bootstrapping in R using the boot {boot} and Boot {car}
Goodness of fit test for a normal distribution
Conditional Logistic Regression, Rare Events and R
Expectation of correlated variables
Estimating distribution from censored data
Poorness of Kernel methods on visual pattern recegnition?
Meta-analysis with a binary response variable
Calculating confidence intervall for quantiles first by hand (than in R)
Absolute vs. Relative Difference in Survival Time - Is this possible?
Coefficients from a penalized Cox PH
Comparison of Kaplan-Meier curves across ordered groups
Sufficient and necessary condition for the integrability of a random variable
Integrability of a sequence of iid random variables
Term is significant linearly, quadratically and in interaction?
How much do self organising maps suffer from local minima problems?
How to determine if % selecting Option A is statistically different from selecting Option B in a survey?
How many different random initializations should I perform with Lloyd's algorithm to obtain the optimal clustering with X% of confidence?
Comparing linear regression models created from different data sets
Time series forecasts of appointments with pre-registration
How exactly is sparse PCA better than PCA?
Is my Poisson regression correct?
How can I generate uniformly distributed points on a circle?
Fitting a pseudo discrete dataset
Stationarity in multivariate time series
Minimizing relative error (or mean square error) and maximizing likelihood
Gaussian RBF vs. Gaussian kernel
How and why would MLPs for classification differ from MLPs for regression? Different backpropagation and transfer functions?
Validating a model with 2 random effects and fixed effects of different levels
CAR spatial models in JAGS
Should the mean of the bootstrapped distribution always be asymptotically equal to the sample estimate?
How to analyse my time series experiment
Cramer-von Mises using pdf instead of Cdf
similarity measures with missing values
Summing variance of autocorrelated timeseries
Is $R^2$ valid in a nonlinear model?
Alpha adjustment for main and interaction effects in multiple factorial ANOVAs
Large data analysis - learning resources
Unbalanced distribution of sample size between groups in logistic regression: should one worry?
Training a convolutional neural network
Identify category for combination of words from categories of component words
Member of multiple normally distributed populations
detector confidence
How to compare repeatability (ICC) of different groups?
penalized regression applications in epidemiology
The use of 'weights' in lmer to incorporate variance of individual data points?
Calculate the expected return, variance and standard deviation
Nonparametric regression and overparametrization?
Does randomization really allow us to make claims of causality?
Maximum likelihood estimator and Neyman-Pearson test statistic
Standard Test for Multivariate Gaussian?
Small sample sizes and the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test
Jeffreys prior for continuous uniform distribution
How to calculate a mean and standard deviation for a lognormal distribution using 2 percentiles
Which one of these looks stationary?
Why is statistically significant not enough?
What are the methods for multivariate outlier detection?
How to find the number of clusters in 1d data and the mean of each
IV (2SLS) with ordered/binary dependent and endogenous variable
Testing hypothesis & $\alpha$
Designing a probability function with a desired kurtosis and skewness
What are the limitations of ANOVA vis a vis multiple regrssion analysis
Weighted least squares for energy data
Re-ranking a list
Evaluating a Survival Analysis model
Mixed Effects Model with Nesting
How to get predictions in terms of survival time from a Cox PH model?
Maximum number of independent variables in Logistic Regression
standard error of the estimated p-values from simulations
Hypothesis testing for equivalence of two arrangements
Is it possible to test for a Gaussian distribution?
How can I choose the 10 variables that explain the most variation in a wealth index?
Gibbs sampling for LDA -- does a small Dirichlet concentration parameter make a difference?
Time series (stochastic process) estimating parameters using characteristic function
Approximate function observed through noise
Poisson Approximation to Binomial
Calculate variance explained by each predictor in multiple regression using R
Does ARIMA require normally distributed errors or normally distributed input data?
Why does statistical significance increase with data, BUT the effects may not be meaningful?
Test for Statistical Significance in the Accuracy of a Machine Learning System
Using the sample weights in regression
Good book for Statistical and Probability Theory
Are there other ways to represent time series part-to-whole data in a chart besides an area chart?
Error bars using median absolute deviation
Regression with error in covariates
Does (matrix) t-distribution have a conjugate prior?
Visualizing data spread along both y- and x-axis in 2D scatterplot
Softmax layer in a neural network
How to calculate permutations of categorical variables with R
Assumption to make on data so that we can have an approximation of the final number of representatives
How to compare dbscan clusters / choose epsilon parameter
Inferring dimension weight in a mapping from a triangle to a distribution over its vertices
Implications of using survival analysis with only observed data
Measuring intra-observer correlation
Neural network with and without cross validation
Degrees of freedom for chi square test for particular model
Testing equality of two or more contingency tables
SVM mathematical background
Numerical solution of varying coefficients ODE
Help identifying an error function
Why use a null hypothesis not predicted by theory?
How to combine two data sets (level-1 and level-2 data sets) for multilevel analysis in R
How to find the expected Fisher information for a parameter of exponential distribution in an iid sample?
Variance Estimation in case of nonrespondents
Proper splitting of data set for Ensemble methods
given mean and standard deviation, find value of given percentile
The size of my reduced data set is greater than the original
How can I interpret the decision tree results in R?
Metropolis algorithm, what is the target distrbution and how to compose it?
In what situations is covariance preferred to correlation?
What are the dangers of using a (log)normal distribution for a discrete response?
On properly setting up a control chart
Kolmogorov-Smirnov test using half the sample to estimate mean and variance and testing against the other half moments for normality
High order Markov Chain transition probability
About linear combinations of independent Brownian motions
Multidimensional quantiles
What are the most popular references for mixed models?
Test whether two rank orders differ
I want to show $E(B(t)-B(s))^4=3(t-s)^2$
Bayesian inference and curve fitting
Optimal Rotation Before Curve Fitting
Model selection criterion produces non-normal residuals
Bayesian vs OLS . Degrees of freedom. do we need to bother about d.o.f for bayesian estimation?
Restrictions on the type of HMM observations
Philosophical justification for possible but implausible (probability = 0) events in Bayesian Inference?
Confusion on the relationship between laplace distribution and exponential distribution
Confusion regarding Likelihood Ratio Tests (LRT)
Conditional expectations by conditioning on functions of random variables
How to measure test set error with logistic regression
Testing on non-normal distributed discrete values
Simple condition for asymptotic normality of MLE
Variance-covariance matrix of the residuals of an object of class merMod (R package lme4)
Statistical Significance of a learning Model
correlation analysis with collapsed subjects
Purposeful selection and confounding
How would you explain statistical significance to people with no statistical background?
comparing two groups on ordinal data with covariates
How many failed both classes
Hypothesis testing with odds ratios
Speed of convergence of Markov chain Monte Carlo
Normalizing difference between two real values to [0,1] interval
Calculating a confidence interval and required sample size for the mean time to next event of a Poisson process
Mixed model idea and Bayesian method
Interpretation of $R^2$ in fixed-effects panel regression
Regression summaries in regression analysis
Logistic regression with few observations
Radial basis function network - G function?
Data Sets suitable for k-means
How to compare performance of multiple regression models?
non constant variable suggested power transformation question
Lizards probability
Inferring hidden categorical variables from multimodal response data
Variational Posterior Dirichlets in LDA
How to check if data constitute a time series with simple moving average method?
Is this an example of data snooping, or otherwise some other kind of no-no?
Why is the expection of $E(Y_{T+1}|\Omega_T)$ greater than or equal to its previous value?
improve precision in text classification
Confusion over Lagged Dependent and HAC Standard Errors
Prediction interval in principal component regression
Is the Stoppa distribution a special case of any better-known, more general distribution?
Variables lack correlation, but have pattern
How does one show that there is no unbiased estimator of $\lambda^{-1}$ for a Poisson distribution with mean $\lambda$?
Getting the units right for the Pareto distribution of wealth: x = people, dollars, dollars per person?
Finding the standard error for an estimate of the change in mean z-score
Is there a better term for frequency distribution of a term frequency?
Regression problem with included classification
When should one avoid using Durbin-Watson test for autocorrelation?
Variance of sample Variance
Aggregating two categorical variables
Occam's razor (when is it appropriate to add another free parameter?)
Why goodness of fit via deviance and chisq is poor for poisson regression (glm)?
Publications discussing checking to see if outliers affect the result
Comparing two models in R
PACF and ACF for AR and MA
Limiting pmf as $n \to \infty$
Simple Average Method, calculating moving average and moving variance, how can I say if stationary or not?
conditional expectation of squared standard normal
Is the W statistic outputted by wilcox.test() in R the same as the U statistic?
Why signs of coefficients change when doing multivariate vs. univariate logit regression?
Is p=5.0% significant?
Backward Stepwise Selection
Biostatistics - sampling size
How to compare sampled areas to the Census?
What would be a parametric model with properties similar to the Theil-Sen estimator?
Relative influences of terms in the law of total cumulance
Clinical trials significance
Convergence in Probability
Finding outliers on simple dataset?
Large discrepancy between confidence intervals for correlation coefficient using bootstrap and Fisher's Z transform
Non-negative Matrix Factorization - Basic Question: Cluster Assignment
Permutation-based p-value to evaluate a classifier
Interpreting distance between classes for binomial, multinomial, and ordinal regression
P-value correction in R: what is the parameter n used for and when should I use it?
Graphical models for correlation of random variables and prediction of hidden observations
Cross-validation including training, validation, and testing. Why do we need three subsets?
Separate ANOVAs on subsets of data
SVM training method (or alg.)
Spherical platykurtic random cloud
finely labeled classification problem
Does MLE always mean we know the underlying PDF of our data, and does EM mean we don't?
PCA vs. Factor Analysis
Confidence limits for a nonlinear regression
Train timeseries model in R and predict purely on out-of-sample data
Generated regressor and interaction term
Non-parametric test for unimodality of 2-d dataset
Prediction interval on X with Poisson
Confidence of uniformity from a sample of a binary state collection
Assigning tags to documents
Struggling with simple standard deviation problem
How can I get the percentile rank of a given score if I know the scores at standard percentiles?
Estimating 95% confidence interval for vertex of quadratic fit
Non-significant principal components as predictors in a regression
Normal distribution probability calculation
How to analyze this data using rjags, or any other way?
Initial Probabilities of an HMM
Statistical test for Percent Correct?
classification threshold in RandomForest-sklearn
What is precision on prediction given precision of rules
Any test methods to show the linear behaviour of a data set?
What should everyone know about Confidence Interval?
Categorize statistical tests into univariate and multivariate methods
Difficulty to intrepret pvclust results - only many low level tree clusters appear as significant
Convergence in probability of a product of RVs
How to convert predicted probabilities into predicted response?
Chi square vs. Z-test on stratified 'bin' data
How do I derive this coefficient formula in a regression with non-linear conditional expectation function
Required number of permutations for a permutation-based p-value
Likelihood for negative binomial distribution
Why are the fitted probabilities for the linear probability model and the probit model identical?
Compressed sensing: Optimization in $L_1$ norm and total variation with fourier coefficients
How to test over-dispersion for a compositional data in R?
What's the methodology behind the most-difference-between-groups-tag-cloud?
Multiple samples vs. bootstrapping
Forecast and STL are sensitive to last few data points
non-normal residuals. Significant variable
Fitting data to a Poisson distribution, what are the errors?
Calculating power function for ANOVA
Obtaining R pec survival patient risk percentage
Two negative main effects yet positive interaction effect?
Limiting Distribution of $W_n=\frac{Z_n}{n^2}$ , $Z_n \sim \chi ^2 (n)$
Sort lists using statistics
A statistical model for a sample of independent networks
Classification Tree Analysis - Assessment of tree explanatory power (R-square?) using the party package in R
Binomial Distribution Conditional?
Is Bayesian structural equation modelling better than maximum likelihood with smaller sample sizes?
Vector autoregression with exogenous variables
Can we visualise regression results through diagram?
Confidence intervals for Cohen's h effect size
Conditional distribution of a discrete random variable given a continuous one
Poisson Process arrivals
Whitening data before regression, should I whiten the response variable too?
Calculating and Normalizing ngram relevancy scores from free text extraction
Weibull Parameter Estimation
Notation conditioned means for calculation variance based first and total order effect
Is Bonferroni correction too liberal for some dependent hypotheses?
How to interpret results after including lags in panel data regression (fixed effects)?
Random walk with drift in dynamic linear model
Finding the kink in a bivariate relationship
Test if two samples of binomial distributions comply with the same p
Transforming a uniform-on-sphere random vector
How to sum correlations, or, calculate correlation of disjointed variables
Find the limiting distribution of $\sqrt{n} \left(\sqrt{\bar{X}} -1 \right) $ if $\sqrt{n} \left( \bar{X}-1 \right) \to N(0,1)$
Nearly constant time series
Is this JAGS model ok, and can it be made faster?
How to interpret these indices/metrics for comparing partitions intuitively out of these images?
The right distance for the clustering. Maybe Mahalanobis?
What is the distribution of edge lengths for a Euclidean minimal spanning tree?
Incorporating systematic uncertainty in interval estimation
$B(t)$ is brownian motion. I want Find $d(M(t))^2$,where $M(t)=e^{B(t)-\frac{t}{2}}$,
Asymptotic distribution for t-test with time series
Standard error of proportion that takes into account population size
What's MGD sequence in time series?
How do you specify a binary time-series-cross-section model in lme4?
how to explain the anova object for a multivariate linear regression?
Model diagnostics for multivariate linear regression
Ok to cut continuous variable into irregular intervals?
Tone mapping a two dimensional distribution
Optimization through 'alternating' descent
How to write a (mixed effect?) model for a hypothetical experiment studying exam scores
Inverting the Fourier Transform for a Fisher distribution
Power analysis of repeated measures ANOVA using simulation in R?
What analyses do I need to run?
Datasets constructed for a purpose similar to that of Anscombe's quartet
Does K-means incorporate the K-nearest neighbour algorithm?
In a longitudinal study, should I impute the outcome Y, measured at time 2, for individuals who were lost to follow-up?
Is there any standards for minimum variance of likert-type measured variables?
How do I calculate the fitted values of an Arma model
Difference of two random variable distributions
How do I calculate a probability to encounter a pattern of numbers in a numbers list?
Better dimensionality reduction than PCA
Find correlation between 2 non-ordered variables
How to find new standard deviation for new data from old one?
CDF for uncorrelated bivariate normal
Strategy for finding cluster solution with positive values for Cubic Clustering Criterion
Frequency based discounting of values
Dropping data from people who have perfect scores
Differences between different Geometric Brownian Motion
What is the correct ANOVA for repeated measures with multiple measurements for each within-subject factor?
Coupling time series information from sources with multiple spatial resolutions/scales
How many counts for good frequency estimate (binomial)?
Arithmetic mean and Gini index in a grouped distribution
RandomForestClassifier Parameter Optimization
Empirical justification for the one standard error rule when using cross-validation
If the dependent variable is standardized by age and sex, does it still make sense to include these as controls in a multivariate regression?
Feature selection on microarray for supervised classification
Difference-in-Difference Regression with Only 4 Data Points
How do I deal with large data similarity computation?
What is the difference between these radial basis functions?
Data Setup for Differences-in-Differences
Are there any good papers comparing different philosophical views of cluster analysis?
Sample size calculation for a single proportion Without Any Comparisons (descriptive only): How to determine the margin of error in the formula?
Comparing two measurement devices without a criterion measurement
Identify sub-dimension correlation between 2 variables
Why direct oblimin rotation results in greater eigen values?
Material on Structural Equation Modelling (SEM)
Good, authoritative recent book on factor analysis and principal component analysis
Delta method for a two equation system
List of sample arrangements at a given Wilcoxon / Mann-Whitney test statistic
How to simplify coxme survival models?
Casting a multivariate linear model as a multiple regression
Two-way ANOVA on not completely normal residuals
What is the difference between conditional and unconditional quantile regression?
Recursive logistic regression merge
Different t-value for the same data in R (nlme vs lme4 package)
Minimalizing absolute cost function error
Question about variance inflation factors
Is this the right way to compute covariance-matrix in parallel?
Which distance to use? e.g., manhattan, euclidean, Bray-Curtis, etc
Examples where method of moments can beat maximum likelihood in small samples?
Support Vector Machine for Longitude-Latitude data
SVM - Inﬁnite dimensional feature space
Can someone sort me out regarding the calculation of AUC?
Is there any way I can manually set the intercept in SPSS?
Am I creating bias by using the same seed over and over
Chi Square test for survey data
Do M-estimators and L-estimators overlap?
Linearity of logistic regression
Meaning of covariance matrix row sums
Help Simulating Random Effects in SAS
Sum of squared difference and Gaussian noise model
How is the number of particles decided in particle filtering?
Comparing Counts Between Two Independent Groups
Relationship between dimentionality reduction and clustering algorithms
Is Time Series decomposition right approach?
Sample Range to Estimate StDev
The first principal component becomes irrelevant
How to fill in missing data series?
What is $\nu$ in $\nu$-SVM controlling?
k nearest neighbors with repeated points
How to calculate confidence bands for a regression line, given intercept, slope, and standard errors
How can I show $(X_{1} / r_{1}) / (X_{2} / r_{2})$ and $(X_{3} / r_{3}) / ( (X_{1} + X_{2}) / (r_{1} + r_{2}) ) )$ are independent?
Standard error computation with interaction term
PCA for predictors in lmm or glmm
Statistical Test against randomness
$X_{n}$ converges in probability where $X_{n}=\frac{Y_{n}}{n}$
Correlation between approximate classification and standard classification
Why genes are assumed to follow multivariate normal?
Relations and differences between graphical models and stochastic networks?
How to test difference between two groups of data in one line
Collectively evaluate a number of normal distributions
What is a Gaussian Discriminant Analysis (GDA)?
Theoretical error bounds of classification and regression trees
Number of observations used for ARIMA modeling
Neyman–Pearson lemma for non monotonic spaces
Tuning a model for predictive performance in a narrow probability range
Correct number of parameters of AR models for AIC / BIC ?
Normalizing to zero mean and unit variance before regression
What are the units in this biplot?
ANCOVA in observational studies: what are the assumptions?
What is filtration?
Comparing 8 categories (degree) against % who did a gap year within that degree - which test?
What are important pure mathematics courses for a prospective statistics PhD student?
Explaining the beveridge nelson decomposition
Help with understanding this covariance setup
Quality of a model and the bias-variance tradeoff
Use of different outputs in a meta-analysis?
Determining Population Normalcy and Proper Analysis Techniques
How to quickly build an interactive diagram modeling relationships between nodes from file input?
Bootstrapping fits to a small sample
More specific test to see where it is significant rather then whether it is significant at all? Degree courses against levels of motivation to study
Confusion about hidden Markov models definition?
Cook's distance and $R^2$
Threshold in precision/recall curve
Why only the mean value is used in (K-means) clustering method?
Explaining generalized method of moments to an non-statistician
Confusion over interpreting regression coefficients
Patterns in binary data sorted with rank indices
Problem understanding the logistic regression link function
$X_{n}$ and $Z$ be random variables if $X_{n} \ge Z$ then $ E[\liminf_{n\to \infty} X_{n}] \le \liminf_{n\to \infty} E[X_{n}] $
Kurtosis of made up distribution
Distribution of $\bar{X^2} $ when $X\sim N \left( \theta, \sigma^2 \right) $
How can I check if two numbers are equal (with some allowed error)?
Multi-variate normal distribution distance from vector sub-space
Simulation for model checks for sample size
Rule of thumb when drawing N samples from a discrete distribution with N possible values with replacement
How can I calculate the effect of my equipment on my sport's performance?
Bayesian Inference for Poisson process
If $cor(X,\epsilon) \approx 0$ in linear regression, can we conclude $X$ is exogenous?
Question on leave one out and stratified 10-fold cross validation
ARIMA with difficult seasonality in R
Does a Gaussian mixture model always imply a within-class multivariate normal probability distribution?
Can I use a z-test on heteroscedastic data?
What is the probability that a person will die on their birthday?
p-values different for binomial test vs. proportions test. Which to report?
What does it mean when all edges in a real-world network/graph are statistically just as likely to happen by chance?
Difference of Prediction between Graph Representation and Data Matrix Representation
Why are Random Forests splitted based on m random features?
What to do with my data?
How to calculate number of features based on image resolution?
VAR model with time series of different frequencies
Deliberately fitting a model without intercept
Consistency of OLS
Log Transformation in Growth Mixture Model (Mplus user)
Computing confidence interval of clustered data
Intercepts (reference) in linear mixed effect model, what to choose?
Averaging multiple distributions
How to average ordinal items across time
Are my estimates of parameters of geometric brownian motion correct?
Two-sample comparison of proportions, sample size estimation: R vs Stata
Linear Combination of multivariate t distribution
Do two different graphs with similar $R^2$ values show a connection between the data?
Geometric Interpretation of Maximum Likelihood in a location model
Do autocorrelated residual patterns remain even in models with appropriate correlation structures, & how to select the best models?
Applying Generalized Linear Model to a data with high collinearity
How does reliability and validity affect the results (descriptive statistics)?
Probability Interval for Gamma Distribution
Is a repeated measures ANOVA appropriate for multiple within-subject measurements?
Determining if a criteria reduces scatter
Is it necessary to run 10 replications of boosted regression model if using dismo in R?
Convert nonlinear mixed model to log-linear mixed model in R (nlme)
Common words that have particular statistical meanings
Computing a multi-sample (i.e., pooled) Akaike Information Criterion
Trying to understand unbiased estimator
How to achieve strictly positive forecasts?
May we categorize independent varibles per outcomes of dependent variables in logistic regression?
Family-wise error of dependent tests?
Expectation of reciprocal of a variable
Sufficient statistics and parametric bootstrapping
Coefficients of bootstrapping in logistic regression
How can I regress household income on three factors
Using the normal equations to calculate coefficients in multiple linear regression
Using Ito's lemma for Brownian motion
Multivariate orthogonal regression in R
Intuitive reason why the Fisher Information of Binomial is inversely proportional to $p(1-p)$
Goodman Gamma for nominal variables
Negative Hessian matrix in R optim
Given probability x, how likely is it that probability y is due to chance?
Do edges in directed acyclic graph represent causality?
Minimizing number of questions of questionnaire from past binary responses
Interaction variables work differently when population is split
How to compute the binomial confidence interval for non integer parameters?
Accept/reject for beta distribution
What is needed for a line to be an appropriate model for the data?
Clustering with Weka
A problem on correlation and independence
Expectation of the Sum of K Numbers
Lasso on Negative Binomial Regression Model
Calculating some kind of confidence or error rate for a set of binary data
Qualitively what is Cross Entropy
Use of expectation propagation for model inference
After a transformation of data do I carry out a t-test or a non-parametric
How to solve $\mathrm dX(t)=X(t)^2 \mathrm dt+X(t)\mathrm dB(t)$ with condition $X(0)=1$?
Most common classifier used with PCA?
Implementing Neural Network for time series
Is it right to use a 2-way ANOVA for 3 experimental and 2 control groups? And should the controls be included in the ANOVA?
How do I assign weight to each observation of the data in weighted least square fitting?
Features in sklearn logistic regression
Exclude highly correlated instruments
I want to show $M(t)=e^{\frac{t}{2}}\sin(B(t))$ is a martingale by using Ito s formula
Calculate coefficients in a logistic regression with R
How to design experiments for Market Research (with a twist)?
Given this time series, what statistical methods would be used for description and forecasting?
Interpretation of survival risk predictions generated from R's predictSurvProb
What is the difference between Kaplan-Meier Model and Cox PH model in this case
Explanation of *The Trial of the Pyx* from this article
Can I say anything about the shape of the posterior distribution?
Youtube 301 views. Whats Statistical about it?
Why am I not able to fit a zero inflated poisson distribution?
Bayesian justification for AIC/BIC
conditional sampling of bivariate normals
Estimators, sufficiency, consistency, and bias
Mixed effect logistic regression in R: choosing random effects
How to handle leverage values?
Integrating Gaussian white noise over a Gaussian density
Moderation with latent variables in Stata 13
How useful is the CLT in applications?
Statistical power of unit root test
Is there a simple method to calculate the minimum number of datalines needed for a machine learning algorithm with x variables?
What is the expected partial value function really called?
Is it possible to do a test of significance for a string occurrence in two datasets
Gibbs sampler for conditionals that are exponential: Example from Casella & George paper
Classification problem using imbalanced dataset
Kaplan Meier survival estimate at t=infinite
Formatting graphs: when is it appropriate to use a fill under a line graph?
Use nonlinear mixed model for binomial distributed data
Test for differences in coefficients across groups in panel data
Post-stratification & quantitative variables
What does it mean to sample a probability vector from a Dirichlet distribution?
How are the values in the Shapiro-Wilk table calculated?
Ratio of probabilities vs ratio of PDFs
Optimal lag length in VECM using vars R package
How can I evaluate multiple hypotheses simultanousely using the bootstrap?
The meaning of representing the simplex as a triangle surface in Dirichlet distribution?
What is the best technique for panel regressions (ols, fixed, between, random effects)?
Assumptions of the Ordered Probit model
Renyi divergence identity
Likelihood Ratio for two-sample Exponential distribution
Environmental risk assessment based on sample number and concentrations of a toxic element
is this two dimensional markov chain correct for this queueing system?
Which method of implementing the Brown's linear exponential smoothing is correct?
Is there a reason to score on subsets of your data?
Evaluation of health care program
What could cause different conversion rates for the same content in separate split tests?
LOESS smoothing fit
How to do Simple Confirmatory Factory Analysis/SEM in R?
Weighting variables in two-step cluster analysis
Delta Method for confidence intervals in online A/B testing
What does $\pi(x)$ usually mean in importance sampling?
Factor analysis on a rotating subset of survey questions
Discriminative learning and generative learning
Sampling and resampling data in R
Z-score calculation for a single variable with readings in multiple units
How to measure association of nominal values for few observations?
Exponential smoothing models backcasting and determining initial values python
Can someone please explain to me what the particular scenarios mean?
Cluster analysis, what to do with different scales?
Interaction effects in network meta-analysis (multiple treatment comparison) in R?
Multivariate Mixed model in nlme
Estimate the sum of predicted variables by a linear model in R
How important is real analysis for data mining?
Expected Counts in Pearson's Goodness of Fit Test
Deviance for a Normal linear model
Why is KNN not model-based?
multiple imputation
Unable to fit repeated measures in R
Developing a prediction model for bus stops
Does this data type require this manual standardisation, or can this be circumvented using a random forest classifier?
Which Venn diagram is appropriate here for statistically independent, uncorrelated and orthogonal random variables?
R neural network model with target vector as output containing survival predictions
How to choose train/test sample ratio, for machine learning?
Simulate missing data for multivariate distribution?
Detecting latent relational clusters (a.k.a blockmodeling) (PyMC)
how calculate expected value
Proof that the log-likelihood is asymptotically quadratic
Combining information from multiple studies to estimate the mean and variance of normally distributed data - Bayesian vs meta-analytic approaches
Predict with type='response' for GLM with errorest() function in package ipred
Appropriate measure to find smallest covariance matrix
How to model influence of group on mean and variance of heart rate in patients with replicated measurements?
How to analyse separation of events in time?
What are some good resources to understand Hierarchical Statistical Models like Mixed Models?
Residuals all zero in linear regression, what is wrong here?
Bias correction methods in G-side GLMMs
How to model conditional moments using an additive model
Significance of an impulse response function
A Reference for PAC-Bayesian?
Can I use bayesian estimation for Linear Discriminant Analysis?
Does it make sense to partially scale the data matrix X in regression?
Response variable: percentage and too many zeros (zero inflated Poisson?)
A question on SEM and path analysis
Linear regression with non-linear constrained coefficients
ARIMA loss of effectiveness due to non-Gaussianity
Star Coordinates vs. principal component analysis
What are the must-read papers on data mining and machine learning?
Most important journals in data mining/ML, NLP and IR?
Likelihood Ratio Test and Wald test provide different conclusion for glm in R
Predict binary outcome with R
Is this a problem for Survival analysis?
What kind of learning algorithm is suitable for classifying unknown number of groups of unlabeled data?
Describing a best critical region of size $\alpha$ for testing $H_0 : \theta = 0$ against the alternative hypothesis $H_1 : \theta =1$
relationship between normal and log-normal distribution
Removal of abnormalities in a month-data
How to determine % effect on quantitative variable from beta and se values?
Relationship between L2 regularization and PCA?
Clustering algorithms that operate on sparse data matricies
Is it true that $E[e^{tX}] \le e^{E[t^2X^2/2]}$?
Can a magician bias the result of a fair die?
Outlier detection in ARIMA model with R
How is the proper number of lags for ACF or PACF displaying?
Computing Confidence in A/B testing
Random forests visual introduction-level reference or tutorial
AIC guidelines in model selection
Why is there a dramatic difference between aov and lmer?
Level-2 predictions with lme4/glmer model
The OR and 95% CI for logistic regression were very high!
ICC in a linear mixed model - longnitudial data - why is this the correlation between time periods?
What is the difference between zero-inflated and hurdle distributions (models)?
Is it valid to apply large scale statistics to a single case?
Does the regression line tell anything about mean
Longitudinal data using functional principal components mixed effect models
If any two variables follow a normal bivariate distribution does it also have a multivariate normal distribution?
Suggestions on how to visualize some data
Why does k -means clustering algorithm use only Euclidean distance metric?
Warning in R - Chi-squared approximation may be incorrect
How to draw samples from a Bayesian nonparamatric density estimation? [DPpackage]
Are bias weights essential in the output layer, if one wants a universal function approximator (or non-linearly separable problem solver)?
Finding the best dataset for classification
Text clustering papers with Precision and Recall
Keyword clustering
Statistical tests for comparing simulation behavior to real world behavior
Is there a known generalization of the doubly noncentral t-distribution?
Notation for Random Bernoulli-Like Vector With Fixed Sum
Is it possible to train a one-class SVM to have zero training error?
What data structure to use for my cluster analysis or what cluster analysis to use for my data?
Picking the smallest number of i. i. d. exponential variables to satisfy a condition
Confusion with Vowpal Wabbit's multiple-pass behavior when performing ridge-regression
Include specific interaction terms
What do I do when values of AIC are low and approximately equal?
Calculating standard error of a coefficient that is calculated from other estimated coefficient
Understanding confidence bounds in logistic and multinomial regression
Calculating the threshold of a set of values
Why is the average the right way to deal with Gaussian noise?
Trying to determine the similarity of the distributions of labels
How to judge if a supervised machine learning model is overfitting or not?
How to arrive at a specific formulation of the relative median deviation?
What is the relationship between graphical models and hierarchical Bayesian models?
Influence of two factors on non-normal outcome. Which test?
How to get Pareto IV parameter estimates
Parameters of $ y_i = \beta_0^2 + \beta_0 \beta_1 x_i$
Difference between BIRCH and Two-Step Clustering
Intuitive understanding of multitask learning
How many clusters for linear mixed models and GEE?
probability definition of time and place event help in definition representation
Issue on prediction with FinalModel of RandomForest in R using the CARET package
How to explain the logistic regression model objects from the rms::lrm() function in R?
Can a two-sample t-test be used with data that doesn't follow a normal distribution?
CFA Fit Measure Thresholds for New Scales
How do you control FWER when testing multiple nested models with likelihood ratio tests?
Random walk: kings on a chessboard
R - ARIMA model with long seasonal periods - Error: length of x and xreg does not match
Implementation of online classification algorithms?
Testing main effects and interactions with rma from metafor
Creating semi-random planting designs in R
How to derive MA(1) from Wold decomposition
Mutual information versus correlation
Optimal way to match cases and controls w/ multiple per strata
What is best formula style to write of statistical results in a scientific or medical paper?
Better understanding of GARCH and ARCH models
How to model a conditional probability without estimating joint PDF?
Relationship between Bernoulli and Normal CDF
What is the parameterization of exponential distribution for survival in Stata?
Adjusting a subset of P values to correct for multiple testing
Reliability measure with no single item scores
Variance estimation in Random Effects model
For PCA prove that covariance matrix is diagonal?
Comparison of two linear regression models with squared regressors
Stat models to use (1) to model % values and (2) to classify objects
How to calculate variance over a distribution of time duration proportions
What is the best strategy to train and validate classification using PLS-[classifier] in caret package?
How to calculate statistically relevant number of surveys when measuring NPS
Interpretation of interaction terms if main effect is insignificant
Recursive (online) regularised least squares algorithm
Specifying the correlation structure of an unevely spaced time series in GEE with geepack
Likelihood of censored data
Methods to determine cut-off between groups
What is a good and efficient algorithm for a content based recommender?
Formula to compare response rates
percentage of variance
Understanding this acf output
One way Anova Test validation
Polya urn waiting time distributions
Hypothesis Testing With Only Two Data Points
Convergence in distribution (central limit theorem)
How do I model the probability of two empirical distributions?
Which variables should I transform, center, and/or standardize in my data for Principal Component Analysis?
Exploratory data analysis vs null hypothesis testing
practical vs statistical significance
Testing for equality of multivariate distributions
If ϵ is uniformly distributed, then a linear probability model is appropriate? Can I find any Literature?
If the Kullback-Leibler distance between f and g is zero then f = g almost surely
How to compare models with different distributional assumptions for response variable in GLM?
Omitted Variable Bias, verification in Gretl
Separating different frequencies from time series
Repeat normality check after modifying group cut-off?
Designing a uniformly most powerful test.
Ecalp function on R
Normalization of attributes in test set for a neural network
Why is k-fold cross validation a better idea than k-times resampling true validation?
Decision to add all predictive variables in Kaplan-Meier and Cox PH
What test of significance should I use to analyse visits to a clinic by various groups?
Sample size to compare ' change from baseline' proportions between two groups?
Is this a normal distribution?
Use logarithmic or linear values when performing correlation and ANOVA?
How to estimate confidence interval of the sample mean of a non-stationary time series?
Possibly insufficient data on a shuffling problem
Does SurveyMonkey ignore the fact that you get a non-random sample?
Homoscedasticity violation: repeated-measures ANOVA
the paired samples
Estimating the mean with least median of squares
Studying whether a policy had an effect outside the normal fluctuations in a time series, with time series cross sectional data
Martingale and deterministic functions
How to learn Bayesian Network Structure from the dataset?
How to refer to variables which lie beyond causal pathway
Hypothesis test for difference in medians among more than two samples
Is the estimated value in an OLS regression better than the original value
What are some of the ways to deal with missing data when measuring extreme poverty?
How would re-weighting American Community Survey diversity data affect its margins of error?
Prevalence conversion to effect size in meta-analysis
In order to log transform data, must both your x and y axes be continuous data?
How to get Bhattacharyya Distance in Excel (or Matlab, or R)
Probability of game type lottery outcomes
Interpreting PCA results
how to derive the distribution of variable x conditional on x+y
Why is homogeneity of variance so important?
Clustered binary data
Explanation of cubic spline interpolation
What does 'more statistically significant' mean?
Clarification needed about min/sim hashing + LSH
Testing a 2x2 contingency table: male/female, employed/unemployed
Reformulation of OLS estimators in a simple Regression with a dummy variable
Test whether triplet of numbers is significantly different from $K$ other triplets
Weighted Standard Deviation vs. Weighted Regression Standard Error
For a continuous random variable, why does $P(a < Z < b) = P(a \leq Z < b) = P(a < Z \leq b) = P(a \leq Z \leq b)$
Validation of a questionnaire in a new population
Expected waiting time
ANOVA or t-test?
Why we build Laplacian graph in spectral clustering?
Multicollinearity when adding a confounding variable
Seasonality and work days in time series
How to evaluate/select cross validation method?
Negative Offset in Rate (Poisson or Negative Binomial) models
The $z$-test vs the $\chi^2$-test for comparing the odds of catching a cold in 2 groups
Scaling sensor output before training a machine learning model
How to estimate training time prior to training? (Machine Learning & Neural Networks)
Mean absolute deviation vs. standard deviation
Sufficient statistic, specifics/intuition problems
Determining if these random variables are independent
Which technique to build a model returning a vector of values (in R)
Discovering a distribution and plotting a trendline in excel
Am I using the correct model?
Hypothesis test on variance of normal sample
exact calculation of SD on R-squared
GLMM multilevel (hierarchical) model
How to cope with missing values in sequential data before applying moving averages (and in general)?
Estimating variance when only the estimates are available
Logistic regression, goodness of fit interpretation
How to conduct in-sample forecasting?
Cumulative probability in R
Law of iterated expectations
Regression with multiple dependent variables and 2 sets of multiple independent variables
Explain steps of LLE (local linear embedding) algorithm?
Detecting convergence in Random walk
Asymptotic distribution of Kernel density estimator
How does support vector regression work intuitively?
Algebraic Geometry for statistics
How to interpret R stl() output
What is meant by 'weak learner'?
Principal Component Analysis and Regression in Python
Is there a branch of statistics that tries to explain why the dataset has certain statistical properties?
Why is the term chi-square acceptable?
Determining statistical significance of difference between two binomial distributions
Kernel PCA with an SVD algo
Regression Elasticities with categorical variables
Why the F-test in Gaussian linear models is most powerful?
How to deal with independent variables that seem to follow power law diftribution
how does Cox proportional hazards model deal with time-dependent variables
Goodness of fit for generalized linear nodel
2 x 2 mixed anova?
Is  independent and identically distributed an assumption or a fact ?
What are the metrics to evaluate a machine learning algorithm
Changing reference level for contrasts changes results in R 3.0.2/lme4 1.1-2 vs. R 2.15.0/lme4 .999999-0
McFadden's Pseudo-R2 Interpretation
Algorithm to take samples from binomial data
What does it mean to bootstrap a classifier?
Present numerical results with variable system parameters
Parallel Stochastic Gradient Descent
Consistency vs. unbiasdness
How to make a Neural network understand that multiple inputs are related (to the same entity)?
Odds ratio traps 1 when p value significant
What would a robust Bayesian model for estimating the scale of a roughly normal distribution be?
Determining if experiment data can be pooled from multiple experiments
Confidence Interval for ratio (response time 2 / response time 1)
Mixed-model specification in R - exploring individual differences
Dirichlet process mixture model with Bayesian hierarchical clustering
one-way within subjects anova
Using regression forest for a factor variable
Multivariate biological time series : VAR and seasonality
How to explain these p.values from model and from Anova type 2 and type 3?
Small conditional probabilies textbook question
Kappa statistic in plain English?
Wald $\chi^2$ value for a probit model
Integral of a function with uniform kernel
Logistic functions in ANN. Biologically inspired?
Exponential Service Times when Minimum Service Time is Reasonable in Queuing Theory
Comparison of Variational Bayes and Expectation Maximization algorithms
Prior elicitation with Normal-Gamma or Normal-Inverse-Gamma
How to calculate the 95% CI of the difference in population means?
Proper ordering of outlier removal, standardization, downsampling, etc. in a pre-processing pipeline
Quantile regression power analysis
How do you determine if an instrumental variable is randomly assigned?
How To Write Seasonal ARIMA model mathematically
Leave-one-out cross-validation for MLR
Pros and Cons: Methods for Detrending Time Series Data
Decision tree for numeric dependent variable?
Evaluating unbiased errors on the Test set when cross validation scores are close
Probability distribution satisfying constraints?
Exponential Service Times When a Minimum Service Time is Reasonable
Stepwise regression, moderation effects, main effects
Enforcing orthogonality of inputs for multiple linear regression
std errors in poisson glm
Reporting both Kendall's tau and Goodman's Gamma, does it make sense?
confidence band around a smoothed function
How do you plot an interaction between a factor and a continous covariate?
Sampling using PCA and maximizing variance
How to validate equal slopes (proportional odds) in ordinal regression
How to normalize Poisson distributed data before PCA
Autocorrelation and evidence of iid
Whether the population exists in an experimental study?
Single-class vs two-classes hypothesis testing
Problem with creating proper linear regression model for my experiment
Is is valid to calculate the mean of multiple neural networks results?
Why does independence test use the chi-squared distribution?
Where to go for introduction to introduction to Machine Learning?
How to construct an interaction plot
Linearity between predictors and dependent variable in a linear model
Estimating variability in a response variable not accounted for by measured predictors using linear regression and R
Plot result of Nemenyi's test
Methods for simultaneously maximizing mean and minimizing variance
Comparing two samples in mixtools
How do I run a Tamhane's T2 multiple comparison with R?
time series dimensionality reduction
Example of real life use of Bayesian inference on $\mu$ from a normal distribution?
GMM weight matrix $W_n$ -- what does the index $n$ signify?
Interpretation of age coefficient in relative survival analysis
Simultaneous Z-test for the equality of two proportions (binomial distribution)
How to interprete variable coefficients of OLS where variables are expressed in first difference, I(1)?
CV.glmnet results
Log-likelihood via posterior sampling
How can you construct a social network empirically from multiple sources of data
Can a normal approximation assumption justify itself?
The concept of average run length in change point detection
Evaluating cluster homogeneity: Alternative to SSE
Mean interval estimation when data are not binomial
How to interpret the dendrogram of a hierarchical cluster analysis
Finding a confidence interval for a parameter
Bootstrapped p-value
Accounting for the nonlinear behaviour of a binary predictor
Are the results of OLS linear regression correct?
Robust monotonic regression in R
Interpreting the lm output for football data and corresponding QQ Plot
Likelihood principle: difference between weak and strong version
Recovering true data from multiple noisy versions
How to analyse spatial data where the depending variable is binary
How to specify mixed ANOVA with multiple repeated measures and covariate in R
Performance of regression models
MLE for bivariate distribution
Basic algebra question regarding properties of the summation operator
What distribution has the maximum entropy for a known mean absolute deviation?
How to fix one coefficient and fit others using regression
Does a sample version of the one-sided Chebyshev inequality exist?
How to prove that one variable's change is influenced by another variable; that is to say, are they related?
Is there a way to get a panel unit root test result when the data contain some missing values?
What is the expected value E(X), E(Y), Var (X,Y)
What type of regression to use with 1 to 10 scale dependent variable?
Warning (in R): ANOVA F-tests on an essentially perfect fit are unreliable
Are there any techniques that quantify the importance/signification of individual attribute values of a particular data point?
Are my tests of significance valid?
Help Translating R GLM Command to Math Notation
Guttman's smallest space analysis
Is the linear probability model (LPM) less inappropriate when the independent variable of interest is binary? (and controls are continuous)
Why use Lasso estimates over OLS estimates on variable subset?
Canonical correlation analysis
What is the relation between the estimated standard deviation of a normal distribution and the scale of a t distribution when applied to normal data?
Estimation from two observations
Calculate the confidence interval for the mean of a beta distribution
PCA for dimensionality reduction of audio data
How to get distribution of sum of dependent bernoulli variables
optimization with two factors
with SVM, are incorrectly classified training points support vectors?
Non-parametric regression models and data transformations
Multiplying multivariate Gaussian with a univariate Gaussian
How do you build dynamic linear models based on very frequent time series data?
Small data set and validity of Multilevel Regression results
Can the scaling values in a linear discriminant analysis (LDA) be used to plot explanatory variables on the linear discriminants?
Can Random Forest Methodology be Applied to Linear Regressions?
Time-varying Coefficients
Combining Multiple Principal Components?
Is this really suited for 2-way ANOVA?
Mean and Variance of a Set of Sequences
Multi-Level Model with two scores per level 2 unit - reasonable analysis?
minimum criteria for datasets used with TraMineR
Fisher information of a statistic
Identifying the Distributon from a Distance Matrix
which performance metrics to classify model
Evaluating goodness of fit for distributions (e.g. LogNorm, Gamma, ...) with estimated parameters using KS tests (and R)
Interpolating median for uncensored survival data
How to make predictions from a logistic regression by hand
Can Bootstrap Resampling be used to Calculate a Confidence Interval for the Variance of a Data Set?
How to explain usage pattern that follows heavy-tail distribution to non-experts?
Why do I have 0 degrees of freedom for my group mean variables in my mixed model? nlme package
How many times should we repeat a K-fold CV?
Modeling a list with a tunable degree of disorder/shuffling
What method to use to analyse 3 groups of independent variables?
Why did Thomas Bayes find Bayes' theorem so challenging?
Reporting variance estimates for mixed models
How to select a radial basis function?
Standard deviations and confidence intervals (weighted) running average
Which to believe: Kolmogorov-Smirnov test or Q-Q plot?
A dataset with some very, very poor X variables - distribution and outliers
Where is density estimation useful?
Inferring treatment start date for comparison group
Generalized Linear Mixed Model
A Sliding Goodness of Fit Method? (Foray into the Stats Community Wielding only R-Squared)
should both scores of 2 time points be of same scale in mixed ANOVA
Clustering 2d data using kernel density methods
Which test to use when comparing variances for data that is not necessarily normally distributed
Marginalization from randomly-spaced grids of the joint distribution
Understanding the confidence band from a polynomial regression
Could prior elicitation by actually drawing the density of the prior be sensible? Has it been done/discussed?
Fixed effects in a linear probability model (LPM)
Effects Coding in R
What is the formula for lognormal hazard?
help with expectation propagation: updating factors
A priori power analysis for generalized linear mixed-effects model
Comparing the Goodness of fit of two polytomous set of items not nested
finding position by regression fit
Estimating overlap from subsamples (a mark-recapture problem?)
How to create an alignment variable from mutual rating variables
Steps to follow for correspondence analysis when each brand is not shown to every respondent
Is there an overfitting in the data?
Difference Estimate & Confidence Interval for Paired Mann-Whitney Test
Random intercepts model - one measurement per subject
How do I know when I should use a log transformation on a variable by multiple regression?
How to test whether the effects of predictors on one DV explains their effects on another in a mixed ANOVA in R
Problem with identifying outliers
How to extract values of the forecasted times series of auto.arima
Splitting a variable with nominal and numeric values
Treatment of missing values introduced by padding lagged variables
linear model, given y, calculate the confidence interval for x
Variance pooling when sample size is a predictor
Comparison of CPH, accelerated failure time model or neural networks for survival analysis
Bayesian vs ML, overfitting problem
Uncertainty in Genetic Algorithm output
Maximum likelihood for number of events in Poisson process
The correct use of 'statistical significance'
Setting significance levels for multiple testing
Conditional Expectation of Poisson Random Variables
Uniform Distribution
How do I interpret this fitted vs residuals plot
How I can I characterize the treasury yield curve as one number?
Fisher's Exact Test and Hypergeometric Distribution
What is the difference between the studentized and non-studentized Breusch-Pagan test?
Clarification on LDA and the multivariate Gaussian
Why is my coefficient so large?
Maximum likelihood estimator of discrete distribution with known marginals
Unequal sample sizes: When to call it quits
When was the k-means clustering algorithm first used?
McNemar's test for $3 \times 2$ data
How to find Influence function?
Confidence interval around binomial estimate of 0 or 1
Non-parametric statistical test with one measurement variable and two nominal variables
Compare maxima of two Gaussian samples
Is normalizing the features always good for classification?
Why the most of world correlations are positive?
Will Z-scores help me compare my variables?
Selecting problems of the appropriate difficulty based for adaptive learning
Why is the conditional mean of the reduced form error zero?
Assessing group differences on multiple outcomes
Minimum sample size for CART
Canonical Correlation Analysis for different data types
Simple Question About Hypothesis Testing
Rejection region or p-value
Which forecasting method should be selected in case of contradictory results from different accuracy measures?
Is there a reason to leave an exploratory factor analysis solution unrotated?
Transforming a relationship from quadratic to linear
Repeated measures approach or not?
Exploratory Factor Analysis Results: No significant loadings on last factors
Accounting for spatial autocorrelation in neural network analysis in R
Autocorrelation for regression
Failure Rate of Contraception over n years
ARIMAX model's exogenous components?
How do you determine whether a time series is stationary with reasonable confidence?
Non-conjugate prior
Alternate interpretation of p-value
Meaning of restricted prior
Dimension Reduction using PCA and Random Forests
How to draw random samples from a non-parametric estimated distribution?
Definition of likelihood ratio test
Randomized Response, calculating probability
Sufficient Statistic for Uniform
Why multiplication and division are not allowed when using the interval scale?
Multivariate test where variants are not independent?
Lasso for GEE model
Sampling from sequence data
GEEs in case of a small number of clusters with strongly heterogeneous cluster size
Goodness of fit – Testing Cox proportional hazard assumption in R
Is there a generalized least norm equivalent to generalized least squares?
Is the sign test appropriate to test whether values in one distribution are generally lower than the other?
Differences between Multi-layer NN, Hopfield, Helmholtz and Boltzmann machines
Binomial logistic regression in SPSS using survey weights
Absorption probability in 1D RW with asymmetric step sizes, $ x<0 $
Uniform updating
Validity of proportion estimate from finite sample
estimating standard error for small sample sizes
Using Pearson's correlation coefficient for probability
Excepted conditional density and conditional expectation
When would least squares be a bad idea?
Difference between different kinds of entropy
Using Naive Bayes to calculate the probability of user presence based on the presence of her belongings
Fisher Information
Estimate of censored poisson process
Interpretation of regression coefficients obtained from applying left inverse of regressor matrix in an underdetermined system?
Selecting a feature modeling approach for text classification
Forecasting asset returns using index models in R
Applying ridge regression for an underdetermined system of equations?
In non-negative matrix tri-factorization, initialization not possible because matrix is singular
Fitting a probability distribution to non i.i.d. data?
Why are statistical properties of mode and median difficult to determine?
Estimating probability of 2 dependent variables
Combination of Data from Two Normal Samples not Normal?
The Conjugate Beta Prior proof
Multicollinearity of Socioeconomic index vs. wealth variables separately?
Sentimental Analysis using Naive Bayes
Does Newman's network modularity work for signed, weighted graphs?
Posterior distribution for true population variance
Fitting a model to correlated data
Random walk with bivariate normal distribution
Mixing continuous and binary data with linear SVM?
Any thoughts in PLS as an alternative to SEM if you have a small sample size?
Confusion about the EM algorithm
Dependent variable is the amount of remittances in a survey
Covariance pattern models versus generalized estimating equation models
MCMC estimation in mixed models: is there something like significance?
Is the null model for binary logistic regression just the natural log function?
Which statistical test to use and why?
Intuitive examples of importance sampling
How to use Turnbull's nonparametric estimator for interval-censored data in R
Nested design -- adonis function in vegan R package
Non-converging heteroscedastic linear mixed-effects model (R lme)
Running Mantel test in ape with missing values
Neural network weights
How is MANOVA related to LDA?
Problems and alternatives to using a four month lag in a linear regression model
Why is linear regression not able to predict the outcome of a simple deterministic sequence?
Graphical Models and Explaining Away?
What machine learning technique I need to apply?
Easy to follow tutorial on using Markov Random Fields for classifying pixels in gray-scale images
Normally distributed errors - Why not use the observed residual histogram?
What's the fundamental difference between these two regression models?
Comparing Kaplan Meier estimates at a particular time point across more than 2 groups
How to estimate ICC (degree of clustering) in hierarchical logistic regression?
Consistent, non-parametric, robust (to fat tails) estimation of expected value of an asymmetric distribution
How to test and avoid multicollinearity in mixed linear model?
Test of independence on contingency table
Sum of random vectors with fixed amplitudes
Cross-Validation probability
Using principal component analysis (PCA) for feature selection in regression
Calculate AUC of a logistic regression model
Different degrees of freedom when using the same mixed effect model (SPSS)
Use of Wilcoxon test for non-normal data akin to Two One Sided T-test
Measurement error in maximum counts
Negative binomial jeffreys prior
How to calculate ratings/rankings from Paired comparison / Pairwise comparison of large data-sets?
SVMPerf - only one vector in the model file?
How to obtain p-values of coefficients from bootstrap regression?
Error propagation on correlated Poisson samples
How to fit data that looks like a gaussian?
Ordered gamma variables led to an ugly integral
Finding the best path through the matrix in DTW
Can ANOVA be significant when none of the pairwise t-tests is?
Why is variance calculated as $p(1-p) / (n -1)$
Two parameters zero at the same time
Comparison of two logistic regression models (significant result with anova() but very similar AUCs)
KL divergence minimisation equation
Modelling when the dependent variable has a cut-off
Inverse CDF of normal variable
Covariance with a common term
Determine if an action increases the proportion of 1s in binary data with unknown population
Fit power law for distributions with zeroes
Shape of posterior distribution
What is the maximum entropy probability density function for a positive continuous variable of given mean and standard deviation?
Computing confidence intervals for population variance from a sample in R
Advice/literature on combining items with different response scales into composite scales?
Probability of choosing N out of K correctly from a total population of X
How would I assign the optimal weight matrix to combine the following moment conditions in MM?
Non-homogeneity in 2-way ANOVA in SPSS
Sample weighting with continuous variables
Delta function in monte carlo sampling
Long-run behavior in coin tossing experiment
Central Limit Theorem: Likelihood multiplication
Political preference as independent variable - fixed or random effect?
Weighting more recent data in Random Forest model
Dunnett's test in R returning different values each time
Correlation and colinearity in nonlinear regression?
Linear regression for time-series prediction
Information out of the hat matrix for logistic regression
Significance Test for Comparison of Variables
Dominant term in convergence in MSE
How much smaller can $p$ values from ANOVA's $F$-test be vs. those from multiple $t$-tests on the same data?
comparing AIC and adjusted $R^2$
Gibbs measure and normal distribution
Normalization of circularly-symmetric complex Gaussian distribution
Is Facebook coming to an end?
Standardize continuous predictor variables on [0, 1] scale?
Asymptotics of OLS coefficients for unequal variance RHS variables
LibSVM weights of support vectors
Why do coxph() and survreg(, dist=exponential) NOT return the same coefficient (except for expected opposite sign) in R?
AIC doesn't agree with model checking
Specifying a multilevel model in MCMCglmm (R), that is heteroskedastic at level one
the derivation of the conditional posterior for the Poisson model setting
How do I test whether a regression performs significantly better than another on the same data?
Is this statement about credible intervals from Wikipedia correct?
SVM - combining binary and continous representation of the same feature?
Simulation for power analysis for higher order repeated measures ANOVA
Should normalization completely weed out correlation?
Optimal Kernel Size for Lanczos resampling
Generate two variables with precise pre-specified correlation
use of t-test to compare performance of algorithms
CDF of a random vector
Clustering in Cox proportional hazards model MLM vs. sandwich estimator
Can you do statistics with 4 data points?
Bayesian references
varying slopes in a mixed effects model and significance
Longitudinal k-means sample data
Probability of two people meeting when the arrival intervals and wait times are different
Statistical modeling terminology
Logistic Regression - Odds Ratio
Excessive splitting in Random Forest
Laplace smoothing and Dirichlet prior
Expectation Maximization Clarification
Summing up two matrices of distances among centroids
Ljung Box test in R
Intuitive understanding of regularization
Annual time series count data where the dependent variable is a count averaging 3,000 and no zeros
Trend and seasonality tests for a univariate time series
How to calculate pvalue for the Spearman correlation test
Standard errors in weighted least squares on aggregated data
Regarding switch from pure mathematics to machine learning: opinions and information
Testing whether the mean of a group is different from the mean of the entire sample
Redundant Training Samples
Interpreting parameter estimates when multicategorical predictors
Estimating/predicting maximum of sum process for modeling number of cars on the road?
Probit: Stata log likelihood iteration 0
Hypothesis testing with very few data
What's the point of estimating the posterior distribution $Y | X $ using a Gaussian Process?
CI for Poisson square root
Predicting a single timepoint from longitudinal data
ACF of the errors
How to calculate Prob > chi2 in R to test model fit of conditional logistic regression
Is it possible to center orthogonal polynomials in multiple regression
Alternatives to a train-test split with a small data set
EM on product of multinomials
Particle filters and loopy belief propagation
How to calculate the probability of matching sock from a drawer?
maximum gap between order statistics of normally distributed random variables
Fastest way to run ridge regression on large datasets where n>>p
Using control variables in experiments?
Normal approximation to the Poisson distribution
How do I compare multiple coefficients of variation?
Alternating signs of significant estimates in VAR model
Where to start with nonlinear regression?
Which Distribution Does the Data Point Belong to?
range normalized with unclear highest value
Nuisance covariate or variable of no interest in machine learning
Trying to understand Gaussian Process
How to interpret this cross-validated sparse LDA figure using CARET package?
expected lowest value of 10 normally distributed values
P-value verification
How to work out Effect Size for a MANOVA using G*Power
Regression of proportions
Predicting Future Task Execution Times from Historical Data
ARIMA model identification
Maximum power test
Aside from regression coefficients, what are commonly used approaches to measure one variable's sensitivity to another variable?
Changepoint Analysis in R for Time Series Data
Why does nobody visualise the between and within estimator?
Mean service time of a $M/E_2/1$ queueing system?
Relationship between r-squared and correlation coefficient
Strange results in kriging with geoR. Is this a bug? Am I doing something silly? Or is this data set just unfortunate?
Sum of independent non-normal random variables
Heteroskedasticly Consistent Estimators for Var-Cov Matrix, Large Sample OLS Regression
Formal conditions needed for duality between hypothesis testing and confidence region
Bayes factor calculation
How does the RMS package's nomogram calculate points for continuous variables?
Expected value of maximum likelihood coin parameter estimate
Error estimation in Gaussian data
Help with proof of the value of skewness of a Gamma distribution
Linear Regression Question
Comparing simulated and actual data
Use deseasonalized sales and combine it with another forecasting method to forecast sales
Dummy / lagged variables and component patterns in regression analysis
Why is Expectation Maximization algorithm guaranteed to converge to minimum, even local?
Jarque-Bera normality test in R
Based on groups A and B, how to classify new set of observations into the groups using regression?
Can I use weights generated by robust regression in a quasipoisson glm in R?
Confidence interval estimation from sample
Comparing effects of slightly different sets of independent variables on multiple dependent variables in logistic regression
Should it be A|B or B|A?
Easy book to understanding basic concepts
Quasi Maximum Likelihood estimator for GARCH with jump (Compoud poisson process with normal distribution)
A question on transfer modeling for the intervention analysis of time series data
Algorithms/methods to create more features of a limited amount of features?
Estimating effects on membership in a cluster
Model selection in logistic regression
Complement of Conditional Probability
Probability of Rolling a number that changes over time on One Die
Dealing with correlating fixed effects in a linear mixed-effects analysis
The between estimator in panel data
Importance of optimizing the correct loss function
Analysis method for count data with unequal sample sizes and categorical predictors?
Nonparametric regression with restrictions
Good references for time series?
How to interpret the p-value in this toy example (two coin tosses)
Different HC3 standard error estimates when normalising weights for weighted least squares fit using Python statsmodels
Failing at linear regression / prediction on a real data set
Which groups of results is the closest to a central point?
Why would a statistical model overfit if given a huge data set?
Alternatives to MAD to find a yardstick to assess data
Predict best action sequence for dataset of debt observations
Radial profile and 2d log-normal distribution?
Given a sample of time-series spatial data, how do I determine the minimum number of spatial points that is statistically similar to the large set?
What is the variance of the mean of correlated binomial variables?
Weighted average of measurements with unequal errors
Prognostic factor vs. risk factor
Different Likert scales used in statistical anlysis
Regression testing after dimension reduction
What am I really calculating here?
Is spurious regression impossible if you include lagged error terms?
If three random variables have the same variance, what will the co-variances look like?
Adding quadratic term changes the sign of the variable
Removing parameters in AMOS when $\chi^2$ value and DF are 0
What is the purpose of working on a logit scale in partial dependence plots?
Oversampling correction for multinomial logistic regression
Distribution function, applied to itself?
Is there an efficient way to compute the ordered probabilities of a weighted sample of events?
Sufficiency of order statistics
Statistics question on interpreting my results for sampling distribution
Optimising test re-test reliability through randomly generating hypothetical repeated trials
Linear regression not fitting well
Calculating discrete hazard rates problem
Probability density estimation with Dirichlet process
Fit tide data to a sinusoid function
One way analysis of continuous variables for classification (Visualising)
GEE: choosing proper working correlation structure
Multi-class text classification with a negative class
Reading and interpreting the scatter matrix
Regression residual distribution assumptions
Prediction interval for number of biased coin tosses to get 2 consecutive heads
Logistic Regression\SVM implementation in Mahout
Weird bootstrap bias for Predictor Importance (MeanDecreaseAccuracy) in Random Forests
Econometrics: difference-in-differences basic proof
How to fix an overdispersion in a Poisson GLMM with lmer function in R?
What are good ways of plotting distributions over time using R?
Best Practices for Creating 'Tidy Data'
Variance of data from small versus large countries
Symbolic matrix algebra software
Using mutual information to estimate correlation between a continuous variable and a categorical variable
Does RandomForest ignore spatial independence?
How to use Cox proportional hazards model in interval-censored data with time-dependent variables?
Proportion as Dependent Variable or Control for the Denominator in Regression Model
Quasi-poisson or negative binomial regression with continuous dependent variable?
Probability extraction from random forest classifier
How to select penalty parameter after cross validation?
Finding the rejection region of a given case
Prove that the following is the least squares estimator for $\beta$
Finding the MLE of the mean on a non-normal distribution
Everything else held constant, what is the relationship between alpha and beta?
Is it correct to use 'Ln' instead of 'ln' for natural logarithm?
What is the accepted concept behind measuring the contribution of subindexes to aggregate level indexes?
Deviate vs. Variable
Use of latent semantic analysis in topic modeling
The curse of dimensionality? (linear SVMs)
How do you study for statistics? What methods do you use to learn?
Visualizing the difference between uncorrelatedness and orthogonality
Given independence, is the median of a product equal to the product of the medians?
Estimating a multivariate normal distribution
Why do these power functions for difference in proportions give different answers?
Comparing shape of time series data whist ignoring scale
Chi squared test with expected frequencies coming from another observation
Statistic to find out association between ordinal data
Compare the variances of several groups
Comparing groups of different sizes in social network analysis
Comparing performance of two programs - problem with missing data
Image classification using histogram
Would a Bayesian admit that there is one fixed parameter value?
Chi-squared Goodness of Fit - very small expected values
Earth Mover's Distance (EMD) between two Gaussians
How to apply a logarithmic trendline if X Values = 0?
What are the differences between the linear regression and multiple linear regression?
An MGF exercise
R ggplot2/ezPlot: Plotting 3x3 RM ANOVA design per quantile of covariate with error bars
Feature selection methods comparison
Analysing significance in grouped variables
Calculating boxplots with imputed data
Range of a centered, reduced sample drawn from a bounded domain
Making sense of the allele frequency weighted genetic distance
What is the meaning of a confidence interval taken from bootstrapped resamples?
Probability of intersection from multiple sampling of the same population
Continuous time Markov chain forward equation
How to derive the Fisher information in the laplace approximation of a generalized linear mixed model?
Likelihood ratio test - lmer R - Non-nested models
How to compare two different predictors
Significance of average correlation coefficient
Choosing number of PCA components when multiple samples for each data point are available
Annealing MCMC with constant temperature?
Does it make any difference which class is target class in a binary classifier with balanced data?
Centering data in multiple regression
Kolmogorov-Smirnov test?
Survival Analysis--All variables failed the proportionality test. What next?
Prove that distribution of sample median (for even sample) is symmetric
How do you check ergodicity of a stochastic processes from its sample path(s)?
Convergence of Empirical cumulative distribution functions?
Plim of an estimator
Comparison between Log-likelihood ratios and beta coefficients
Is a weighted $R^2$ in robust linear model meaningful for goodness of fit analysis?
What tools do Machine Learning experts use in the real world?
Poor parameter estimation in frailty models
Measuring treatment effect on top-ranked subjects selected at point in time from longitudinal data
Effect of dismissing data points in regression
Expected value of sample median given the sample mean
Mean length of time spent queueing in $M/E_2/1$ system?
Interpreting good figures of merit in xorshift* context
Confused about Cholesky and eigen decomposition
How to create predictive model in R when outcome variable has more than 10 classes?
Is this statement about the conditional expectation of a sum true?
Time series analysis for 2 series where one is dependent on another
Factor analysis with severly skewed ordinal data and censored ordinal data
How to test counter factuals
Error in books formula concerning the log-rank test?
JAGS burn-in phase takes ZERO time?
Estimator of autocovariance in a wide-sense stationary process
When does AIC lose its power to discriminate models?
Comparing Gini coefficients: Variance estimation etc. needed?
Find the values that let me split x in equally numbered groups
Confidence interval and margin of error
How to incorporate constraints in random forest output
Jensen-Shannon divergence for finite samples
OR vs RR when the outcome is common
Estimating confidence of a prediction
Understanding coxph output in R
Heuristic Feature Selection for Gradient Boosting
What to do if samples aren't comparable?
How to validate a Multinomial Logit and Probit Model fit?
Friedman test vs Wilcoxon test for binary IV
Weighting observations in binary logistic regression
Approximation to Lognormal Distribution
Understanding the output of C5.0 classification model using the CARET package
In a one sample t-test, what happens if in the variance estimator the sample mean is replaced by $\mu_0$?
How can 2 variables each be strongly correlated with a 3rd variable, but uncorrelated with each other?
Confidence interval of quantile / percentile of the normal distribution
Are sampling distributions legitimate for inference?
Interpretation of Baseline Reference Group
Games-Howell Post Hoc Test in R
Dealing with grouped data in a reggression
How to do simulation of Probit link?
Is R-squared value appropriate for comparing models?
Regression: Mean Response Confidence Interval vs Confidence Intervals of Each Predictor
Non-normal residuals - P-values higher or lower?
Fit Negbin glm model with autoregressive correlation structure
Simultaneity of price in sales modeling
Strange way of calculating chi-squared in Excel vs R
How to rule out double causation
Which papers discuss classification or clustering of source code according to programming language?
Genetic distance over spatial scales
Relationships between health conditions - Spearman's correlation?
How to generate new Topic for new documents?
Increasing or decreasing sample size with higher correlation among repeated measures in G*Power
Logistic regression with block correction for ordinal response
Interpretation of a WEKA result buffer - confusion matrix and performance
Proof that Pareto is a Mixture of Exponential and Gamma
Difference between Random Forest and MART
Word clustering using different algorithms
QR factorization and linear regression
Fitting a linear model with non gaussian noise
Reusing predicted values as independent variables for new linear regression
Why is the Chow test with $R^2$ wrong?
Choosing optimal alpha in elastic net logistic regression
Is it okay to take the average of several normalized time series?
How to improve a Fraud Classification Model?
Geometric interpretation of the maximum likelihood estimation
What is the explanantion of plim X'X/n =Q?
What is the name of the survey method for determining the rank order of multiple items using a multiple question process?
Adjusting any power analysis with FPC?
Determining if a function is additive
Modelling slopes over time
Accounting for post-intervention bias following propensity matching
Uniqueness of $x'\beta$ even when $\mathbb{E}(x^Tx)$ is not invertible
What time-series model to use for mostly linear, but limited values?
Power of t-test for aggregate data
How should I compare two methods for obtaining the frequency of several events?
Can you determine if variances are equal when quartiles are similar?
Definition of sample excess kurtosis?
Statistics interpretation of a real world application (Sampling Proportions)
Modelling diminishing returns of investments using regression models
derivation of predictive distribution of Gaussian Process
A question on sampling distributions
Regression test coefficient on variable is greater than coefficient on interaction term
The exogeneity condition and correlation
Estimating the asymptotic distribution of a quasi maximum likelihood estimator
Negative values for AIC in General Mixed Model
Alternatives to Hypothesis Testing in R
Is confirmatory vs exploratory statistics induction vs deduction?
Since the beta distribution is similar in form to the binomial, why do we need the beta distribution?
Correlation between the proportion derived from the data of different size
Show power divergence statistic converges to LRT statistic
Which coefficient: correlation or regression?
Conditional Distribution of Poisson Variables, given $\sum X_i$
Find out if there is a way to create BMI weight category variable
How to properly analyse longitudinal data from experiments?
unbiased estimates and MLE of central moments and of standardized moments?
Residual analysis and diagnostics for GEE Models in R
Interpreting standardized mean centers in a cluster
Change detection for beginners
Cohen's d, but using mean absolute deviation
Quick Problem with maximizing profit using different distributions
Distribution of a vector divided by its sum
Is there justification for using cross validation scores as model averaging weights?
Types of moments used in the method of moments?
Error Propagation vs Standard Deviation
Estimate of variance with the lowest mean square error
Are there frequent itemsets mining algorithms based on linear algebra?
How to prove that the chance of occurrence of event A increases in presence of event B, when both have a different Poisson distribution?
Ordinal/continuous vs dummy variable for time series regression/data mining
Model selection - is trying out all possible models a bad thing?
Showing that the maximum likelihood estimator (MLE) exists but is not unique
What is the intuitive sense behind the purpose and mechanics of Sufficient Statistics?
Fitting of bivariate data to a self-defined probability density function
Question about Chow forecast test
How is the kurtosis of a distribution related to the geometry of the density function?
Degrees of freedom in regression analysis
Dummy variables and number of predictors in logistic regression
Repeated measure t test with covariates in R
importance of each predictor in logistic regression
Is Gaussian process regression a Bayesian method?
Differing definitions of Matrix Condition Number
How can you tell if samples are from the same population
A/B Test with factors other than conversion rate
Testing association between two categorical variables, with repeated experiments
Establishing the lack of randomness in lottery number selection
Running standardized/unstandardized regression equation on SPSS
Probability limit calculation
Coloring by principal component loading
Classifier predicts only one class
Multiple Linear Regression with Combined Variables
Whether distributions with the same moments are identical
Do all these estimates of kurtosis and skewness have the same (asymptotic) distribution under normal sample distribution?
Problem related to OLS estimators
What does it mean that a statistic $T(X)$ is sufficient for a parameter?
Contour plot for a likelihood function
What is the difference between Inference and Machine Learning?
Not reporting significant results from a model I am reporting other results from
What are the trade-offs between a two-factor unreplicated design and a one-factor design with two replicates?
The Effect of Outliers
How to deal with graphing overlapping error bars without color?
Distribution fitting (maximum likelihood) for autocorrelated data
Compare the variances of several groups seprately
How many different ways can I arrange this committee?
How to constrain covariance parameters in sas proc mixed?
Fitting Inspection Time Data to Curve
Difficulty with auto.arima function results
Conditions for weak convergence of covariance matrix derivatives
Can I use t-test to compare my control and sample mean to confirm significant difference?
How to plot an interaction term, using a model's coefficients, of three-factorial GEE model with full-order interactions (geepack package)?
Are degrees of freedom in lmerTest::anova correct?
Feature Selection Methodology
Sampling distribution of the radius of 2D normal distribution
Estimated variance using linear factor models
kernel for a (semi-) metric space
Deriving posterior distribution of multivariate normal
weight parameter elimination in neural network
Binomial Response Difference Between Samples
Expectation Propagation and multivariate priors
How do I get a pdf based on these acceptance-rejection simulation criteria?
Translating from aov to lmer or lme with three levels of nesting
Estimate probability of event using moments of a distribution or a Taylor expansion involving the moments
What does all else equal mean in multiple regression?
Contrasts with interactions
Resolving heteroskedasticity in linear regression models
Why and when do we normalize time series data?
Regression discontinuity design versus panel cointegration
Calculating bootstrap confidence intervals on second derivatives of a GAM object
Incorporating more detailed explanatory variables over time
Outliers causing Heywood case in CFA using MLM estimator in lavaan
Errors in optim when fitting arima model in R
Does there exist a conjugate prior for the Laplace distribution?
What are the stationarity requirements of using regression with ARIMA errors for inference?
How can I simulate runtime data containing workflows in R?
Sandwich covariance for robust regression using M estimators for data exhibiting heteroskedasticity
Cluster Analysis in R
What are the 2nd derivatives of the log multivariate normal density?
Fitting distribution to spatial data
Least squares with equal predictors
Simplest example of uncorrelated but not independent X and Y?
Multinomial goodness of fit
How to visualize tags?
When to use boxplot and when barplot rules (of thumb?)
Is this a valid application for a Kalman filter?
Use a baseline including all observations in lm()
Intuition behind standard deviation
How to calculate correlation between multiple?
Interpretation of interactions between categorical data
Ranking undergrad students by their future income - Mixture distribution
Computing a concentration of event occurrence index
If C wins B 80% of the time, and B wins A 80% of the time, how often would C beat A?
Standard deviation of recall, precision, accuracy and F-score?
Binomial probability in JMP
R auto.arima() with non-stationary covariates
Music classification into genres
Is the test statistic a value or a random variable?
How to determine the correlation between 2 time series while controlling for a 3rd?
Calculating the space/distance between scale points (IRT)?
How to complete matrix multiplication with an index that runs across all nodes?
What could it mean to Rotate a distribution?
3 independent var with 2 levels
Can we still use OLS on truncated a $Y$ if its conditional distribution is normal?
Create a function from a data set when there is one independent variable and 3 dependent
Which confidence interval should I use to bound actual values around a predicted value?
Comparing dependent regression coefficients from models with different dependent variables
Does this graphical model describe a hidden Markov model?
Shape of confidence and prediction intervals for nonlinear regression
What's so Poisson about a Poisson Point Process? (or, can I generate one using random ordered pairs?)
Theoretically, why do we not need to compute a marginal distribution constant for finding a Bayesian posterior?
Why are there multiple answers to the MLE of the binomial distribution?
How to split nodes in regression trees
How to summarize and understand the reults of DBSCAN clustering on big data?
How to compare multiple proportions between multiple groups
Meaning of 'Data Adaptive' and 'Non Data Adaptive' time series representations
Kernel estimation of hazard or density function
What is the expectation of one random variable divided over another (both independent)?
How to generate random points in the volume of a sphere with uniform nearest neighbour distances
Logistic regression with mutually exclusive predictor variables
Conditioning on independent random variables
The concept of 'proven statistically'
Variable Transformation using Cumulative Distribution Function (CDF)
What is the RMSE of k-Fold Cross Validation?
Parameter fitting with STAN?
Regarding sum of squares two ways how are they connected
Standard deviation in regression trees
Bootstrap with replacement with small number of repetitions
Shouldn't a function of data from a PDF repeated over and over on new data eventually yield a Gaussian PDF?
How to calculate F-Measure from Precision Recall Curve
PC adjusted genetic association analysis
Combining probabilities for class prediction
Asymptotic Least Squares question (with random regressors)
What does it mean that the true effect size is not known?
How to select the best classification scheme in survival analysis (SurvivalROC, R2, Concordance, AIC)?
Transformation of random variable - lognormal distribution
Selecting gene list for subsequent analysis in problematic microarray experiement
The state-of-the-art methods for speech recognition?
Bootstrap confidence interval for a biased estimator
Splitting covariance Cov[x,y+z]
Clustering on three levels: time, group, individual –- how to correctly specify the model in R?
Relationship between tail behavior of a density function and the radius of convergence of its Taylor expansion
If the MLE is constrained to only two values, ${1,2}$, then what does the MLE become?
Shape of confidence interval for predicted values in linear regression
Calculate probability distribution for n of participants in common to two parties given their size
Appropriate statistical measure for rank correlation
Comparing two groups with many zeros
Statistics Modelling Question
Interval Censored Survival Analysis
If $Z$ is standard normal, and $Z^2$ is chi-squared, is $Z/(\sqrt{Z^2/n})$ a t distribution?
Should I report credible intervals instead of confidence intervals?
Naive Bayesian Algorithm in R/SAS for categorical input variables?
Why is Kernel Density Estimation failing to find bandwidth?
Variable selection for regression - the subselect package
Inverse of arcsin
How to validate a random sample
Having difficulty forecasting a tslm model
How to get more continuity in regression forest output
Forecasting high frequency variable with low frequency predictor
What does error refer to in linear regression notation?
Questions on bag of features methods
Bootstrapping approach: how is the resampled sample chosen?
Why is a Bayesian not allowed to look at the residuals?
Closed form recurrence formula for getting N consecutive heads on a coin
How do I compare two groups by several dependent variables and get 1 p-value as a result?
Which of the following is a data mining task?
Factor Scores Level 2 in a Multilevel Model
Multilevel models: Meaning of random intercept
Half of the mean as biased estimate - Stein's paradox
Multiple regression with class probabilities
Small sample MLE
Find pattern in a signal - Variable Frequency and Amplitude
Is expectation the same as mean?
LogLikelihood Parameter Estimation for Linear Gaussian Kalman Filter
Learning what variables have high impact on one other variable
Find 1 dimensional sufficient statistic for $Beta(\alpha, 2\alpha)$
Interpretation of p-value in comparing proportions between two small groups in R
Binary Classifier evaluation when Precision is more important than Recall
Random classification forests for extremely sparse response variables
Cholesky update for removing row
Measurement error in nonlinear models, when can one ignore it? and what can one do about it?
R procedure for comparing multiple categorical variables (similar to anova() followed by t.test() for continuous)?
Is calculating actual coverage probability the same thing as calculating a credible interval?
How to model features with NULL (not necessarily missing) values
Is maximum likelihood a method for estimating parameters or estimating a distribution?
Ratio that accounts for different sample sizes
Interpreting plm output in R - number of observations used with very unbalanced panel
How does maximum likelihood estimation have an approximate normal distribution?
Comparing 2 independent counts of the same data
How to test for presence of trend in time series?
How to transform leptokurtic distribution to normality?
Probability in hidden Markov model
How to conditionally run element of JAGS script based on user supplied variable?
Summing Transformed Variables
One-way ANOVA appropriate?
Average causal effect of one year increase in schooling vs a four-year increase in schooling
Permutation test for factor analysis
Question about computing Bayes Error - with or without loss function?
If a measure is valid (but not necesarily reliable), can it be consistently replicated?
Conditional Expectations and Variances
Raw Prices vs. Daily Return vs. Price Ratio - ADF unit-root test
Help in understanding how to apply correctly False Discovery Rate adjustement
Can I reconstruct a normal distribution from sample size, and min and max values? I can use mid-point to proxy the mean
What are the algorithms to detect bots clicking on a shortened URL?
What does units mean in epiR package?
Randomly given a coin from an unfair set of 6 coins, how can I determine which coin I was given?
Identifying what weights to give to each class in a Random Forest
how can I concatenate these mixtures
Finding range of time with best probability of positive event occurring
Repeated Measures ANOVA or ANCOVA?
Feature selection while retaining a specified feature
Fisher's example of a non-converging mean for N towards infinity
Understanding convolutional neural networks
Joint distribution of two related sample variances
Fitting a reduced-form MA(3) time series model in R
Estimating survival function from Cox PH model estimates
Choosing an autocorrelation structure with negative correlation at last lag
Are random forests Bayesian?
How to measure the consistency of clustering results
Reasons not to use fuzzy numbers instead of pds to represent uncertainty
Crossed vs. nested & fixed vs. random factors
Does it make sense to plot train and test results on a common ROC graph?
Comparing correlations of variables with different scales
Random effects model
How to explain ANOVA output from a multiple regression?
Choosing between $z$-test and $t$-test
Validating statistical tests for value at risk and expected shortfall
Conceptual or mathematical motivation for the three extreme value distribution types?
Estimate population quantiles from subpopulations' quantiles
Variance of sample proportion decreases with n but of a count increases with n - why?
Interpretation of regression analysis with integer value as response and predictor
Best distribution for insurance restitution
Skewness adjusted t-stat
Tricks for a very fast implementation of Random Forest
Computing the pre-study probability of a finding being true
Multilevel regression problem: some level 2 cases are part of more than one level 1 category
Logistic Regression not quite working
Is there any book on statistical distributions?
Graphical summaries of relationships between univariate distributions
What is wrong with this chi-squared calculation?
Multivariate meta-analysis in R: how to investigate network of variables
Why does nobody use the Bayesian multinomial Naive Bayes classifier?
Using KNN for 2 Dimentional data
Interpretation of power and detectable difference
Detecting 'causality' in Likert-time series data
How to check for linear constraints of coefficients in logistic regression in R?
Only allow positive MCMC-samples: Implications for credible interval
Predicting a continuous outcome using point process descriptors
Can nonstationarity be told from the autocorrelation function?
Why do statisticians say a non-significant result means you can't reject the null as opposed to accepting the null hypothesis?
How to characterize the distribution of the intersection of 2 bivariate normals
Intuition about a joint entropy
How well can the Dirichlet process cluster really small datasets?
Fitting a time-varying coefficient DLM
Distribution of dot products between two random unit vectors in $\mathbb{R}^D$
Why are all regression predictors in balanced multi-way ANOVA orthogonal?
Specification of logical node (with distribution?) in WINBUGS
Proof question on maximum likelihood estimator
Dissimilarity with earlier features part of cost function
Corrected AIC (AICC) for k-means
Difference in meaning of these terms: Dataset vs Corpus
Bonferroni correction: control vs. groups?
What to do if the number of parameters and observations are almost equal?
Simple asymmetric ARCH vs asymmetric ARCH
How to interpret a correlation chart?
Is it meaningful to identify interaction effect when a main effect in a model (main effects only, without interaction terms) is not significant?
How to rank criteria based on survey response?
Linear-logarithmic Regression in MATLAB with two input arguments - which model to assume?
Using predict_proba with sklearn's multiclass SVC
Survey Analysis
How do you estimate the predicted probability of an integer value from a negative binomial regression equation?
Predictive accuracy and correlation of inputs
Why X-process is called a process?
Adjusted p-values across hypotheses with different power?
Repairable system and the sum of GEV random variables
Calculate RMS for regression line
How different is training a factor graph with discriminative features?
How does the squared residual of a high leverage sample observation differ from the population's variance?
Variational method -- implementation of function gradient for image denoise
Linear modelling question and answer book
Overdispersed Poisson regression
Simple linear regression fit manually via matrix equations does not match lm() output
What is simply meant by reduced form?
Choosing a distribution to deal with over-dispersion
Regression analysis to estimate affinity or antipathy among celebrity wedding parties
Calculating Variance of Y in linear regression model given variance of X and e where e = error term
Amazon interview question—probability of 2nd interview
Prediction interval on untransformed scale
Regression discontinuity design parametric versus non-parametric different result
Negative Adjusted R Square is a good thing?
Accuracy rate in naive Bayes classification
SAS Scoring on new data
Rule of thumb for number of bootstrap samples
What's a distribution with an abyss instead of a peak?
Divergence from uniform distribution (continuous): dispersion measure?
Bayesian and Frequentist Regression Methods by Jon Wakefield, a good introductory Bayesian textbook for frequentist economics graduates?
Can I use one conjugate prior for samples from two normal distributions with same variance but different mean?
How to correct sample size bias in logistic regression?
Multiple Comparisons Correction on Peason's Chi-Squared Tests
Frequency weighted least square estimation
Confidence interval for the restricted mean in survival analysis
Variable with high number of categories
Regression discontinuity and regression to the mean
What is a density function?
Deep learning: what is done with sampling in practice?
What does $\sim$ mean and $A | B \sim C$?
Analysing change between two variables measured at 3 points
How to model continuous predictor variable, $x\ge0$, showing continuity jump at $x=0$?
How to understand complex social relations in huge populational data?
Dimension of a distribution
Hypothesis testing for a correlation that is zero or negative
Sample mean of random walk
Genetic algorithm with constraint in R
Is statistical significance calculated differently for a sub-set of responses than it would be for the total response set?
Is it possible to convert a Rayleigh distribution into a Gaussian distribution?
Fitting a parameterized 2D distribution
What test to use here?
Expectation of density ratio of two iid variables
Multidimensional Differential Entropy
Multivariate multi-level analysis in nlme
Understanding the role of the chi-squared distribution in the confidence interval for the variance
Expressing a sum as a compound Poisson Distribution
Approximation of Cauchy distribution
Which analysis for a set of (0/1)binary variables alone?
Estimating distribution given top k order statistics and unknown n
Marginalization from a distribution
Help in interpreting AUC values from ordinal variables
how to initialise this distribution
Two-day Music chart predictions and the serial correlation effect on the prediction
Best data series to teach time series econometrics?
Scale independent forecast error metric that works with changing signs
Response reviewer on a repeated measures logistic regression
Pizza statistics for the masses
Express product as convolution? Or, given $f(s)$, find $g$ satisfying $f(s)=\mathbb{E}[g(X)]$ where $X\sim \mathcal{N}(0,s^2)$
What is a good analogy to illustrate the strengths of Hierarchical Bayesian Models?
Calculate the variance and the 1st order autocorrelation
Advice for mixed model with multilevel effects in R
Are there known statistical tests to determine the parameters of a machine learning algorithm?
Is cross-validation still valid when the sample size is small?
Gene location clustering
Hierarchical model: question on frequentist estimation
Performing a time series ARIMA model on natural gas power demand using the forecast package from R
Back-Transformation of Transformed Variables
Multi-target Tracking: calculate the association gate from Kalman filter
Using regression equation to estimate values outside of the range of data?
Probability in mafia/werewolf party game
What is the effect of having correlated predictors in a multiple regression model?
Calculate log-likelihood by hand for generalized nonlinear least squares regression (nlme)
95% confidence interval for a given data set
What is the frequency of a time series for hourly data?
Interpreting random slopes equal to 0 using lmer in R
Random number-Set.seed(N) in R
How to describe/explain the shape of a distribution which has two peaks?
How to predict the model fit of a particular % of a sample?
How to compute the density of the product of a discrete and a continuous variable?
Why do a density plot and a rug plot seem to disagree?
How to summarize measurement variability for repeated measures?
Linear regression on a sample spanning many orders of magnitude
Marginal model versus random-effects model – how to choose between them? An advice for a layman
Understanding Simpson's paradox
Higher r-squared value on test data than training data?
Does computing this confidence interval make sense here?
Name of algorithm (or paper) that scikit-learn cluster.estimate_bandwidth() function implements for meanshift bandwidth selection
Confidence estimation for data points in a recommender system
How to handle incomplete data in Kalman Filter?
Clustered data WITHOUT multilevel / GEE model?
Correction of data reduces quality of results
Linear Regression: Ordinal or dummy independent variables?
Interpretation of R's output for binomial regression
Stratification vs. Adjusting in Survival Analysis
How to theoretically fit and test for t-distribution
What is the best way to proof your time series has a deterministic linear trend
Estimation of logit-normal parameters
Combining four factor scores into one composite scale
Bivariate One-Sided Chebyshev Inequality (Symmetric Case)
Principal Components Regression: Transform 95% CIs back to original space
Proof for mean and variance of a multidimensional half normal distribution
Why is $E[Z|Z>c] = \int_c^\infty z_i \phi({z_i})\mathrm{d}z_i $ ($Z$ is censored)
What is the best approach for a set of data that is irregular and uneven
Sample Selection Model: MLE vs. Two-Step Estimation and Panel Data
A model for multiple nested proportions?
Variance of the sum of a Poisson-distributed random number of (normally distributed) random variables
Maximum Margin of Error
Sports winning percentage distribution
Which has the heavier tail, lognormal or gamma?
Is standardisation before Lasso really necessary?
Links between Interaction Information and interactions in a linear regression model.
Reduced chi square goodness of fit
On the Fly Time Series modeling
dimension reduction of discrete numerical data
Proving increasing function using expectation
Confidence interval for the ratio of Poisson to normal variables
How to calculate the weighted mean?
Maximizing returns - A Bayesian approach
Statistical thought experiment (possibly Bayesian) about survey sampling and propensity scores
Bootstrap aggregation (bagging) of logistic regression classifiers
Posterior very different to prior and likelihood
Is this multivariate normal? 2 time series linked by a common process
Linear Mixed Model Interpretation
Correlation of number of hearts and diamonds of 3 cards drawn from a deck of 52
Interpret clustering plotted in the first two principal components
How to estimate the upper bound of y?
Why not use Beta(1,1) as boundary avoiding prior on a transformed correlation parameter?
What is the meaning of the density of a distribution at a point?
Comparison of multiple regression models
T-tests for power-law distributed data?
Reporting from a likelihood ratio test
prove that this expression converges in probability to zero
Do robust standard errors protect you from proportional odds assumptions?
In Spearman's rank correlation: 4 out of 26 observations totally change the conclusion, what should I do?
Calculating confidence intervals for two samples
Bayesian hurdle model and predictions
Statistical comparison of data dispersion between two groups
Averaging LASSO coefficients for repeated random partitioning of data
Random forest for binomial data
Solving regularized least squares problems using Matlab optimization toolbox
What to do in case of nonsensical (negative survival time) predictions?
Do you use a chi-squared test or a t-test for equality of variances?
Rejection sampling - picking a g(x) distribution
Bootstrap to evaluate variance of AUC ROC
Can the use of dummy variables reduce measurement error?
Missing stems in stem-and-leaf plot
Normalizing constant & rejection sampling
Difference between OLS and FE
Expected assortativity coefficient of random graphs
How to compare two groups of empirical distributions?
X and X/20 same distribution?
Is it possible for a bayesian model to forget about some points?
X is binomially distributed, and Y is binomially distributed. What distribution does X+Y follow?
Missing data (multiple imputation)
Confusion about the term stochastic drift
Comparing variability of two groups of multivariate data points
How to report Kruskal-Wallis test?
Mixture of normals, dependent on past
Coefficient sign changes in fixed effect and first-difference estimation
Creat a confidence interval for non normal data
On the tractability of posterior distributions
How to know dispersion if $\mu$ is close to or below 0 (chance-corrected beta-binomial model)
Advice for transformation in mixed models
Estimating variance from sequence of random variable
Pre- and post- presentation data analysis
mixed model with both random effects and specified covariance structure
False alarm probability: general vs. element by element
Sufficient statistics of posterior (with Poisson data)
Covariance between two sample means of correlated data
Statistical test for zero valued variable
ART neural network disambiguation
How to do I find a joint density?
Regression model for prediction using intermediate outcomes
Why is the lower limit of my lower 95% confidence interval negative?
SE of fit versus SE of prediction
When and why does the brittleness of mutual information cause overfitting?
Chi square for survival data
How would you visualize the difference between Cox/Weibull regression?
Determine number of runs is significant at 5% level of significance
Is the median score greater than 5?
Can you accept the alternative hypothesis if the global test is significant but the pairwise comparisons are not?
Keyword probabilities
Can the Burnham-Anderson book on multimodel inference be recommended?
Data input uncertainty + Monte Carlo simulation + forecasting
Variable effect in Weibull and Cox models
Statistical modeling of land use - 3 types of variables
How to tell stationarity from a sample path?
Box Cox transformation in R
Significance of interactions
The most optimal way to solve this set of non-linear equations in high dimensions
Question about the logic of hypothesis testing
How are these probabilities being calculated
SUM of AICc vs SUM of LL and then AICc
How to calculate relative error when the true value is zero?
Self-studying regression analysis
Berry inversion
Multidimensional scaling of variables with multiple sub-features?
Using MLE vs. OLS
Log-linear regression vs. logistic regression
Ratio estimation model in 2-stage cluster sampling
What are the typical scales of multivariate regression?
Can AR models be written as MA models?
Reconstruct a blocky picture?
Does differential geometry have anything to do with statistics?
Intuition behind perceptron algorithm with offset
Probabilities in a Pick 3 lottery
Frequency with repeated measures
Uncertainty in gradient of data
Variance of a mixed estimation model
Trying to understand the F-statistic
Random forest performs worse than single CART tree?
Perform an ANCOVA only if one-way ANOVA proves statistical significance?
Interactions in GAM
AIC,BIC,CIC,DIC,EIC,FIC,GIC,HIC,IIC --- Can I use them interchangeably?
AICc for small sample sizes
About transforming interaction
Probability that one chi-square distributed variable is greater than another based on ratios
Problems running a Factor Analysis
Parameter estimates for skew normal distribution
Is there Bayesian search theory about search through the space of Bayesian models?
Why do we say that the variance of the error terms is constant?
how can calculate $E(X^Y|X+Y=1)$
Intuition on upper bound of the number of mistakes of the perceptron algorithm and how to classify different data sets as easier or harder
Randomisation for 2 site clinical study
How true is this slide on deep learning?
Regression Terminology
R Library for computing cepstral coefficients from Auto-Correlation coefficients
Sampling of beta in bayesian regression (variable selection)
Clustered standard errors and pooled OLS
Back-transformed confidence intervals
Minimizing the sum of squares of autocorrelation function of residuals instead of sum of squares of residuals
Strict exogeneity and lagged variables
Logistic regression and success probability: Bayesian statistics
Why the sample mean is not a good (sufficient) statistic?
transformation to normality of the dependent variable in multiple regression
How to model football (soccer) scores
Normality assumption in linear regression
Probability in Normal Distribution
is it possible to use partitioned data(train&test) together with cross-fold validation?
How to calculate the expected zeros in a Poisson distribution?
inequality in bivariate normal variable
Best way to handle autocorrelation in residuals from panel data regression (FE)
Doing EOF analysis in R
Normalising higher moments of features for machine learning?
Weighted linear regression
Where and why does deep learning shine?
Will this have a closed form expression: Conjugate priors
Sample size too large for t-test?
Interpreting the lasso coefficients
smoothing nodes values on a graph given adjacency matrix
Why use Bonferroni over Holm-Bonferroni?
R: power calculation for beta coefficient
Logistic regression: if only some classes of a categorical variable appear significant
Is there any probability distance that preserves all properties of a metric?
AVAS Transformation Interpretation of Multiple Factor Regression Equation
lsmeans vs. differences between lsmeans
One or two factor analyses?
Calculating McFadden's pseudo-$R^2$ in glmnet?
Can statistics be used to measure which model is the most accurate
Proof for Least squares estimator is BLUE
Predicting new data using a Case-cohort Proportional Hazards Model
Comparing predictions from different mixed models
How to compare measurements and uncertainties made with different measuring instruments?
Testing for differences in vegetation cover
Monte Carlo simulation vs. machine learning algorithms: what is the difference in application?
Is a lower training accuracy possible in overfitting (one class SVM)
Why is the MLE of N of the discrete uniform distribution the value you choose?
Effect of two demographic IVs on survey answers (Likert scale)
Statistical test for two distributions where only 5-number summary is known
ROC graph interpretation
libsvm_linear kernel_increasing C value
Is there an initial condition for ARMA model?
Cross-Validation: Conditional test error vs expected test error
When using a Neural Network to classify more than two classes, is it better to have multiple output nodes (one for each class) or one output node?
Variance-covariance structure for random-effects in glmer
OLS estimate of a linear model with dummy variable
Chi-squared test when two vectors have different lengths
Exponential Distribution, Poisson process
Intuition on learning rate or step-size for perceptron algorithm
Unity normalization with respect to bounded variables
Why does not ridge regression perform feature selection although it makes use of regularization?
Combining forecast from ARMA models
Probability Distribution
Similarity Amongst Recipes Using Ingredients and Reviews/Descriptions
Dataset analysis, treating background and handling null values
Treating factorial design as complete randomized design
Why it is better to use the cumulative distribution to compute distances?
The best estimate of age of a person in social network
How do I estimate the average size of objects
Reason for not shrink the bias term
Sample ACF and PACF of a random walk
Problem with application of Pearson's Chi-squared test
LibSVM one class classification nu parameter is not a fraction of outliers?
How to (properly) analyze the sex ratio
Non positive definitive correlation matrix - how to proceed?
Very Naive Questions about training group selection in Random Forest or Tree Based Method
R codes for Tweedie compound Poisson gamma
Use raking to impute multivariate distribution
Eigenvalues of correlation matrices exhibit exponential decay
Entropy of state distribution, complexity index and turbulence for sequences of varying length
Bias and variance estimation with boostrap
How to measure the variance from reading to reading
What variables explain which PCA components?
How to assess heterogeneity between fitted, correlated parameter values?
Chi-squared & Pearson correlation coefficient
Compare Survival in Days using Mann-Whitney-U Test
Random number generation distributed like a translated weibull from uniform random generator
Reconstruction error of PCA when space dimensionality is larger than number of points
Dropping term for correlation between random effects in lme and interpretting summary output
Finding the equation for a data set
Given $n$ different univariate non-normal sample sets calculate for a new sample, $x$, which it most likely belongs to
What is the equivalent of normal distribution in an interval?
The Bayesian approach to computing estimator bias and variance
Using fitted ARIMA model to forecast new time series
Training a basic Markov Random Field for classifying pixels in an image
Weighted normal errors regression with censoring
Conflict in confidence intervals for mean difference and confidence interval for Cohen'd effect size
How to use a mathematical model for data analysis in R
How to incorporate per-observation emission priors into HMM
Comparing regression coefficients of same model across different data sets
Advice for interpolating a model
How to calculate model error (like MSE) for a multivariate proportional response?
Frequency Distribution Test Vs. Chi Square Goodness of FIt
How to measure the period of an oscillation with least error?
Can you compare different clustering methods on a dataset with no ground truth by cross-validation?
Is there any way the adjusted $R^2$ might decrease by adding predictors?
For the binomial distribution, why does no unbiased estimator exist for $1/p$?
Why is it that it is self-defeating to use the posterior mode as the bayes estimator in this case?
How to put an exogenous variable into the ARIMA model?
Can I do multiple linear regression when the independent variables sum to 1?
Missing-data in a rather small group of participants
Linear regression for feature selection
Exploratory factor analysis
What is the proper name for a river plot visualisation
Selecting an appropriate machine learning algorithm?
Relation between Scoring rule and Loss function in Parameter estimation and model selection?
How can I simulate a normal distribution from means and 95% confidence limits?
Computing scalar/dot product between principal component and data
How do I run multiple linear regression with a limited data set for each subject?
Identification of useless questions from a questionnaire
Coding categorical variables for regression
Estimation of logit-normal parameters (II)
What is an Unpaired Bland-Altman plot?
What does aspect model refer to in machine learning
What is the role of the logarithm in Shannon's entropy?
What is the role of log2 in Elzinga's turbulence measure?
Optimization of the regularized least squares with gradient descent
Fixed effect/mixed model
PCA, randomness of component?
what does a distribution over distributions mean?
In univariate logistic regression, does the scale of values affect the predicted risk at a particular value of the independent variable?
Tests behind comparison of a sample's survival to that of the general population
Very Low ICC in HLM
Testing for multicollinearity in logistic regression
Prediction Intervals for General Linear Model
Does a big difference in sample sizes matter for an independent t-test?
Statistical method to map a set of values to another
Dividing/Multiplying Gaussians
Variance of arrival process with shifted exponential distribution
What is the correct way to identify overdispersion?
Tobit or OLS question
Variance of EM mean estimates in a simple mixture of two normals
AIC values and their use in stepwise model selection for a simple linear regression
Is it possible to interpret regression output omitting the intercept?
Trend Analysis of feature importance over time in R
What is a robust way to find the max of $n$ independent, non-identical random variates?
Conditional probabilities/expectations
Does filtering of data by effect size violate some assumption of P value adjustment methods?
If $X$~$Exp(1)$ and $Y$~$Exp(2)$, what is the pdf of $Z=X+Y$?
Definition of statistical model in case of hierarchical model
Quality of randomness in generated random number
One pass distributed clustering algorithm
Finding the best linear model for each response variable in multivariate multiple regression using R
How do I generate numbers according to a Robust Soliton distribution?
which neural network is better
Simple question about multivariate/multiclass classification
Transfer logistic regression odds ratio (based on stratified sample) to the population odds ratio
Autoregressive moving average or feed-forward neural network
Mixed ANOVA: small and unbalanced samples
Difference between regression and approximation tasks
Predict only the first N principal components in a PCA analysis
Does the Bayesian posterior need to be a proper distribution?
How to test the exchangeability of data?
Poisson fixed and random effect
What type of non-linear regression would you use on this data
Trouble finding good model fit for count data with mixed effects - ZINB or something else?
Zero-inflated two-part models for semi-continuous data
Transformation to bound a parameter into an unbound parameter?
How to measure uncertainty of a parameter when false positives exist?
Calculating AIC “by hand” in R
Interpreting interaction effect in a Tobit model
Guessing test question answers from scores
Conditional expectation of $(X+Y)^2 | X = x$
How to investigate properties of the trimmed mean for a Cauchy variable?
Multivariate Beta distribution (no Dirichlet!)
Is there a generalization of trimean to $n$-th order (central) moments?
how to calculate precision, recall, and accuracy, if the label is not binary?
Chi Square Goodness of Fit vs. Igloo
Evaluation of probabilistic predictions
Creating consensus from multiple methods of measuring the same entity with some missing values
Finding the maximum of unparameterized 2D data
Exposure in Negative Binomial regression and other distributions
How to select the exponential decay constant for weighting in proc logistic?
Probability to draw a black ball in a set of black and white balls with mixed replacement conditions
Test for measuring change when you have same primary sampling units but different respondents in two waves of longitudinal survey
Manually fitting a mixture distribution in matlab
How to analyze unequal samples in linear and multiple regression
To know clearly about the population
How do you report a Mann–Whitney test?
t-distribution parameter estimation
Example how maximizing and minimizing a function can be equivalent?
Backward stepwise regression with cross validation in R
Deep and sparse vs. Thin and dense data collection for curve fitting?
How to interpret 2-way and 3-way interaction in lmer?
How can I interpret this scatterplot?
Checking that values are piecewise uniform
Estimating parameters for univariate skew t
Does a canonical link function always exist for a Generalized Linear Model (GLM)?
How to analyse means between two similar scales?
Cross-validation and feature selection of a multivariate regression
Least Squares Dummy Variable Regression dropping states/variables?
Divergence measure of two classifiers' performance?
A seeming paradox with rational agents not coming to the same conclusion given the same data
Summary statistic for 'average' conditional probabilities
Separating mixture with little a priori knowledge
Steps required to choose a suitable model for Poisson regression
Using lme with a fixed beta (slope), and estimating the intercept only
Asymmetric confidence intervals on bootstrap estimates
Beta distribution on discrete data
Why does doing LDA on a outer product of input matrix gives same result as doing PCA of the input matrix?
Why do I get different BIC values when I use regsubsets and lm in R
E[g(Y)] proof question
Implementation for Class Association Rule mining from transaction database?
What are coefficients of linear discriminants in LDA?
What is this measure called: MSE divided by variance of dependent variable
Demonstrate difference in growth over time
Goodness of fit for a Poisson random effect regression model
Estimating n in coupon collector's problem
Unbiased estimation of the mean of a normal distribution when the parameter space is restricted
Show Weibull distribution can be transformed to exponential family
What distribution does this histogram look like?
Distribution of an odds ratio under beta prior
Interpreting box plots with one whisker
Examples of machine learning in personal computers
How are ratings generally distributed?
When is a sample proportion p hat instead of x bar
Using standardized regression coefficients to measure relative contribution
3-way measure of association, nominal variables
Poisson regression output
What's the general disjunction rule for n events?
Central limit theorem with scilab
Conditioning on a variable
Looking for beginner resources with effect sizes
How to get the p-value for the full model from R's coxph?
Does Principle of Marginality apply to interactions of categorical variables?
Scaling the backward variable in HMM Baum-Welch
Structural equation model: Bootstrap, Bayesian statistic or rescaling binary data to deal with small sample size?
One random variable bigger/smaller than another independent
Maximum likelihood estimation for custom equation in R
What is the pdf of sample mean and variance, given the population mean and variance?
Mark and recapture with known upper bound
How to extract structured information from a text string?
R code for predicting part fitments from the following dataset
Obtaining a confidence interval from an estimator
Bias and Variance - Errors in R example
Insignificant slope with statistically significant r value
Does log likelihood in GLM have guaranteed convergence to global maxima?
When is the inverse of the Fisher Information exact? (MLE)
How to test whether a series data follow Ornstein-Uhlenbeck process (OU process)?
Questionnaire analysis and grouping responses
Term selection in a model
Given a mean and 95% confidence interval, do I need to know the sample size to calculate the standard deviation?
Reproducing the Table 3.2 from the Elements of Statistical Learning
Why does the log-likelihood change when a variable is linearly transformed in a hierarchical model?
Yet another Bayesian vs Maximum Likelihood question
When is the standard error of the mean impossibly large for a given data range, when we know the sample size?
How to set initial values for Holt-Winters backcasting?
Predictive model on categorical variable with high cardinality
The right way to report random effects in a Cox survival model
Evaluating a regression model's performance using training and test sets?
Performing PCA with only a distance matrix
Statistical test for # stores per capita - exact Poisson or t-test?
Is a priori power analysis essentially useless?
Is my data representative of Bristol?
Should I use the Kernel Trick whenever possible for non-linear data?
Quantify the information lost given by the Kullback-Leibler divergence measure
Ensemble learning combined with item response theory
Recommendations for a short, yet theoretically rigorous, seminar or course on principal components analysis
Back Transformation
Is there a way to calculate the probability of drawing X+ > y% of time given X-
Computing Standard Errors in EM algorithm
How to reference R's automatically generated dummy variables in a linear model
Correcting for restriction of range in multiple regression
How to get the true mean forecast using the Arima package with a Box-Cox transformation
Why do political polls have such large sample sizes?
Finding the covariance matrix to find the best linear predictor (AR(1) model)?
Do fewer support vectors imply a simpler model?
Calculating statistical significance with unequal sample sizes and unequal variances
When correlation turns too high?
What does the term Estimation error mean?
Markov chain and process
Recursive definition of conditional normal distribution
Importance sampling algorithm
Need help with proper syntax for SPSS Mixed
Equation 3.49 from Elements of Statistical Learning
Randomization Testing help
Probability of reaching node A from node B in exactly X steps
Evaluate improvement in questionnaire questions
Balls in urns of different sizes
What should the appropriate model for my data look like?
Rationale behind Good–Turing frequency estimation?
Comparing predictions from models
Clopper-Pearson for non mathematicians
Are sampling weights necessary in logistic regression?
Single variable changing over time - compare trajectories
Time series degree of slope: calculating what I see
Multivariate logistic distribution
Find bound pairs/subsets
Why does one report statistical power only when results are non significant?
Sum of independent Wishart with same degrees of freedom but different scale matrices
Random initialization with k-means clustering
Linear statistical model with two-class variables
How to interpret the variance inflation factors?
Clustering time-shifted sales time-series
Absolute effect size and relative effect size in HLM
Does it make sense to impute missing covariate data when the imputed value is a function of other covariates in the regression model?
Machine learning with ordered labels
Randomization test and comparisons of many to 1
Sample size function for McNemar test of repeated proportions in R
Linear regression closed form solution and having enough training points
Marginal distributions of off-diagonal terms in a Wishart-distributed random variable
How to set the step size for stochastic gradient descent such that its provable it will converge
What distribution to use for a statistical test
Holt-Winters exponential smoothing formula
Multicollinearity in GLM
Residuals follow exactly same pattern as data points
Estimating break point in a broken stick / piecewise linear model for one variable while including other as model terms
How to construct a design matrix for coxph with pspline term?
How can a t-test be statistically significant if the mean difference is almost 0?
Can the predicted value vs observed value plot have a slope not equal 1 in a LASSO model?
Testing whether error variances of two regression models are equal
biological replications with one extreme outlier
Adjusting data for measurement errors
Geometric interpretation of generalized linear model
Cross-correlation in Matlab
New output fields of glm.summary (in R)?
How are final model coefficients estimated when using k-fold cross validation?
Regression for really small data with high degree of multicollinearity and outliers
Why is a symmetric distribution sufficient for the sample mean and variance to be uncorrelated?
How to use one time series to predict another?
Fixed effect Logit with R
Relationship between $\text{Cov}(x_i^2, e_i^2)$, the asymptotic variance of b under homoscedasticity and heteroscedasticity?
Using GLM where one predictor is linear and one is logarithmic
Is there a way to compute daily percentiles (median and 95th) using 24 hourly percentiles
Questions regarding Regularity Conditions in mathematical statistics
How to get p-value for fixed-effects by model comparsion?
How do I test if two (non-normal) distributions differ?
How do I measure the correlation between these two events?
Proving no unbiased estimator exists for $\theta^{-1}$ for Poisson Dist. Why is $X_1,...,X_n = \sum{X_i}$?
Calculating 95% CI of a proportion of 0%
R detect increasing/decreasing trend of time series
What do the tests of model effects and parameter estimates really tell (when an interaction is defined)?
R lme4: how to apply binomial GLM to percentages rather than yes-no counts
Cook's distance cut-off value
Does the slope of a regression between observed and predicted values always equal the $R^2$ of the original model?
How much does it matter if my Masters is in Stats or Math (in Stats track)
Bayesian and Fisher's approaches to linear discriminant analysis
Determining more than one outlier from a data set
WinBUGS/OpenBUGS Gamma distribution parameters
k-core clustering algorithm
Implementation of Univariate logistic regression
Checking whether a given sample is stationary
Calculating standard deviation after spatially and temporally averaging data
How to calculate Mid-p confidence intervals for SMR, SIR (observed/expected)
Statistics for Area under the ROC curve
Categorical variable with a very large number of categories as a predictor
How to measure the influence of an index on the correlation between 2 other indices
k folds cross validation on a multi-class dataset
Logistic regression goodness of fit
Non-parametric 2-sample test for correlated data
Proof for “Least squares estimator is BLUE”
Total scores are normally distributed, but subtest scores are not; what to do?
Correlation of fixed effects with multiple response variables in MCMCglmm
Mixed-effect logistic regression in R - questions
Comparing the distributions of two processes, one of which is constrained by zero
Significant first-step coefficient becomes insignificant in second step of hierarchical multiple regression
Limitations of using interpolated data
Complex-valued estimator of Real Parameter?
Explain the xkcd jelly bean comic: What makes it funny?
Panel data model for exports and exchange rates
What general pattern in the means would produce a non-significant ANOVA result but a positive Tukey?
Visualizing sets of numbers, 0-255
Intuition behind Expected Value of conversion events
Calculating a marginal distribution for the joint density distribution of an exponential distribution with a rate given by a Gamma distribution
Implementation of generalized cross-validation for constrained LASSO problem
How to find the Fisher Information of a function of the MLE of a Geometric (p) distribution?
Adjustment of medians in the Siegel-Tukey test vs. the Wilcoxon test
Inference in undirected graphical models.
Multiplying pdf's: Statistics
Definition of Principal component
relation between confidence interval and likelihood function
Simulation power analysis
ar() time series function in R, manually checking the residuals/predicted values
What statistical test is needed here?
Gaussian Regression With Multiple Inputs?
Performance testing: detecting changes in distributions over time
ANOVA terminology: repeated measures vs . within/between subjects
Strength of association test with binary variables
Why do I always fail to reject the null hypothesis on a binomial test for `p=.5`?
Clustering and Feature Selection For Audio Data
Confidence interval for distance from center
Leaf ordering for hierarchical clustering dendrogram
What statistical test should I use and for what reason?
When is Likelihood Function Positive Semidefinite
Confidence interval for cross-validated classification accuracy
How to separate groups using PCA?
Why are 0.05 < p < 0.95 results called false positives?
Calculating agreement between an ordinal and continuous scale
How to compare 37 dichotomous variables (lab tests) to 31 dichotomous variables (diagnosis)
How can I determine which of two complementary hypotheses should be the null?
Probability puzzle about zombies
When is the autocorrelation function of a stationary process decreasing/nonincreasing? Markovian?
How can you derive the sample size to obtain a particular type II error rate?
Partial F-test vs Model Selection
Is the p-value equivalent to the false alarm value in the Bayesian rule?
Transforming extremely skewed distributions
Variance of an autocorrelated random variable two periods in the future with Bayesian updating
Analysis of model input resolution
How to describe and present the issue of perfect separation?
Figuring out quantiles in quantile regression
How useful are per capita calculations in level of education of a population?
Sampling from low probability regions
Incorporating the non-independence of 'Date' into a model predicting temperature
Interpreting the sample mean, $\bar y$
What does sampling period mean in MCMC?
Calculating a smooth 90% limit for differences in a time series
Dealing with multicollinearity by smoothing coefficients?
Linear regression with group-dependent intercept and variance
Connecting the dots in a graph
Diagram for correlation and regression
Standard error of regression coefficients without an assumption of homoscedastic normal noise
Standard error of the mean in a repeated measures study
Cohort analysis for media site
Constructing the approximate confidence set for parameter vector beta in least square regression
Kernel density estimation incorporating uncertainties
Can we change the acceptance rate in random walk Metropolis algorithm by changing the parameter of the proposal distribution?
Suitable method for modelling (underdispersed?) count data with lots of zeros and long tail
How to interpret Cochran-Mantel-Haenszel test?
What is usefulness of time series decomposition if building a multivariate model?
Spatially explicit model to test effects of multiple variables
Cluster analysis on panel data
How to choose a sample size for two group repeated measures anova design given power, alpha, and effect size?
What do you do after testing if two non-normal distributions differ?
How to measure the reliability of a consensus ranking (problem from Kemeny-Snell book)
Maximize sum of f(x), where f(x) is unknown, but we learn as each x is chosen
Corrective random generation to fit a preset distribution when combined with biased data
Better markov chain rank aggregation using an entropy-based approach
Is variation the same as variance?
Interaction term in linear regression
interpreting the coefficient on a logged independent variable from a probit model
Repeated measures mixed modeling. Why is Time (day, second etc.) a fixed effect?
Logistic regression with probability of success close to one
How to check a similar question in a survey
How to estimate pmf without knowing the entire sample space?
Maximum Likelihood Estimator of the exponential function parameter based on Order Statistics
Quantile regression estimator formula
Bayesian parameter estimation homework problem
How to derive the $\alpha$ for the Pareto rule
Terminology used in normal probability plots
Model selection with Firth logistic regression
Calculating (dis)similarity between different types of features
Which test should be used to compare two mean differences?
Do concepts in probability help us understand when an analogical inference is acceptable?
Can machine learning find all sort of crazy connections?
Statistical significance between two groups
weighted conditional expectation in adaboost
Predicting a Certain Type of failure and deciding the input time series
Metropolis Algorithm
causal inference with correlated multivariate outcomes
linear regression with 3-dimensional points
Markov chains #2
Determining the best correlated time series
Taylor expansion to contain sample mean, sample variance, sample skewness, and sample kurtosis
Best method to estimate the mean of a normal distribution?
Hypothesis testing - Wilcoxon test, bootstrapping, or something else?
Derive Variance of regression coefficient in simple linear regression
Calculating variation of one variable within one experiment
Recommendation for sequential least squares programming book
How to select tuning parameter for regularized regressions for interpretation?
Looking for a proof that overfitting a model leads to greater variance estimates (under OLS)
What is meant by the standard error of a maximum likelihood estimate?
Can univariate linear regression be used to identify useful variables for a subsequent multiple logistic regression?
Variable is significant through stepwise regression but not in final model's summary; which should I report?
General questions regarding text-classification
Spline – basis functions
Segmented regression in R: interpreting the other coefficients
Accurately generating variates from discrete power law distribution
Vowpal Wabbit: understanding prediction output
Assessing accuracy of randomForestSRC on a survival data
Restriction on Cholesky decomposition
Finding clusters to fit least squares and produce a piecewise equation
How to measure/clarify a possible relationship between two spatial points using R
Removal of outliers
Estimating variance for identically non independent data
How to report a SVM model to a 3rd party after cross-validation?
Principal Components and Noise
How to visualize phylogeographical data?
Using the gap statistic to compare algorithms
How to compare observed and expected outcomes for continuous data
help on how to include term $\exp(β_t)/(1+\exp(β_t))$ in AR(2) model
gaussian mixture model - approximate a matrix
Machine Learning : Classification algorithm for very high dimensional data which is uniquely definable in a very small sub-space
Comparing Averages of Pearson Correlation Coefficients for Significance
lme4 crossed random effects model specification
Cluster evaluation based on different similarity algorithms
General truncated Poisson distribution: R routines
Choice of an evaluation metric for a graph clustering algorithm
Regression model for proportion or count when counts of outcome and total events are often zero
Bonferroni correction for gene functional category enrichment
Variance components estimation in Poisson mixed models
questions regarding the order statistics of a normal distribution
Which statistical analysis replaces MANOVA when there are too many dependent variables?
How to analyze data with a lot of missing data (including covariate, nesting and blocking)
Why is logistic regression a linear model?
Multiple regression with categorical and numeric predictors
Covariance of matrix with element entries as vectors
Reweighting importance-weighted samples in Bayesian bootstrap
How can I convert variable distribution parameters into training data for Naive Bayes classifier?
Question on late entry in Survial Analysis
Distribution of the ratio of dependent chi-square random variables
Point-biserial correlation for non normally distributed data
extremely left-skewed response variable - how do I model this dataset?
Model instability in data mining. When it is big enough to discredit a model and how to measure it?
Non-parametric equality of means test
Asymptotic convergence involving EDF
Is not-overfitting a utopian scenario?
Statistical test for uniform distribution
Suppose $X_1,...,X_n$ are iid from $N(\mu,\sigma^2)$, how can I find $P(T(X)>200)$?
Triangular distribution
What is copula transformation
Compare two (or more?) groups of regression coefficients
Repeated observations on the same unit at the same time point, how to solve xtset repeated time values?
BUGS with very large sample size
Gibbs sampling with Dirichlet Likelihood
How to measure the distance (or divergence - not sure) between data and a probability distribution?
Regression with unidirectional noise
Adjusted logistic regression model
Joint trivariate normal density
Sample from a custom continuous distribution in R
Metropolis Ergodicity
Change the classifier decision by using the probability estimates
If x = y*y, and you know var(y), var(z), and cov(y,z), do I know cov(x,z)?
How do I interpret regression coefficients with autocorrelated residuals?
What is a nonreductive database?
What test is best for comparing diagnostic accuracy
Seeking a Theoretical Understanding of Firth Logistic Regression
Kwallis2 insignificant - need for comparisons between the groups?
Is including the main effect of the covariate enough?
Can full conditionals determine the joint distribution?
Estimate Xmax for power law heads
R - how to let glmnet choose lambda range when using caret?
Making an inference from conditional probability values
Test for difference between 2 empirical discrete distributions
Sparse parameters when computing AIC, BIC, etc
p-Value of mean of sample means
Comparable traing and test cross-entropies result in very different accuracies
Two-sample bootstrap?
What's the easiest way to separate two populations in a scatterplot?
Relative Variable Importance in Clustering
Interpret Variable Importance (varImp) for Factor Variables
Adding additional terms to a piecewise regression
Statistical analysis for non-human experiments
Gamma regression with weights using glm
Intuitive reasoning behind biased ML estimators
Help understanding uniform marginal distribution in Farlie-Morgenstern family.
Graphing correlations - dependent variable against two factors
Significance testing of cross-validated classification accuracy: shuffling vs. binomial test
Meta-analysis of means and medians in R?
Admissibility and domination for estimators
MCMC methods - burning samples?
How to correct for non-linearity of response in linear regression
What happens in linear regression when observations are not independent in time
How to visualize an interaction from a GLMM: use whole model to obtain predicted values or just factors in the interaction?
How good is Monte Carlo Simulation when the variable distribution is unknown?
Help with JAGS model using matrix multiplication and Dirichlet prior
Time series modeling with R on weekly data
statistical test for 3-preference choice design
Understanding (1-mean(L) - c*(stderr(L))
RTM and study design issue
Fitting a copula with Poisson marginals to data in R
Efficience of Expectation-Maximization algorithm in function of learning dataset size
Analyzing 3D data: What can be done?
PCA of hyperspectral image data
Exotic text representations methods?
Periodogram vs. spectral density diagram of a time series
A routine to choose eps and minPts for DBSCAN
Why do PCA scores differ in sign?
Transformation of skewed data shows strong linear relationship
Regression factors and covariance matrix
Reference paper and/or books about spatial data analysis, possibly bayesian
cv.glmnet lambda stability
Ascertaining what clustering algorithm to use in various situations
Do I have to cite 'lme4' when using 'lmerTest'?
Optimism bias - estimates of prediction error
Is there an intuitive characterization of distance correlation?
Testing for weak instrument: include intercept in regression of instrument?
How to create ROC curve to assess the performance of regression models?
Logit with dummies when certain number of dummies must be used
Dataset and papers for baseline
Why do Laplacian Eigenmaps ignore the second KKT condition in the solution calculation?
Does Akaike information criterion penalize model complexity any more than is necessary to avoid overfitting
Could you explain how gradient boosting algorithm works?
Selection of sparse principal components
Kernel smoothing for Edgeworth expansion
Binary Class Distribution Effects on Probability Scores - (gbm) Boosted Tree Regression Models
Is variance replacing square of standard deviation in a t test?
Comparing sample proportion to population proportion
lme4: glmer problems with offset()
Deriving confidence interval from standard error of the mean when the data are non-normal
Sum of normally distributed random variables expressed with respect to one component
Impact of data dimensionality on computation complexity of SVM?
Permuting the formula argument to Hmisc:aregImpute
Why on average does each bootstrap sample contain roughly two thirds of observations?
How can I test if a bivariate correlation is significantly different from a partial correlation?
Compare Frequencies
Parallel lines assumption for ordinal regression model
Linear model predictor selection. Which method to use ?
Interpreting significance when regression coefficients are combined
Validating the CART model in R
ML vs WLSMV: which is better for categorical data and why?
Validating a Data Set.. Which Test should I use
Is the bootstrap estimate of the mean biased when a single extreme value is in the sample?
Is this variable ordinal or interval ?
Formal test for heteroscedasticity
How to get only desirable comparisons from post-hoc
Probability of getting an equal number of ones and twos from 10 dice rolls
I have my data set, now what?
Rand index calculation
Controlling covariates in linear regression in R
How can one test the assumptions of a zero-inflated negative binomial model in R?
Why the trees generated via bagging are identically distributed?
Tree analysis - CHAID
How do I implement a deep autoencoder
Evaluating the clustering of a Kohonen UMatrix
How to deal with missing categorical data in logistic regression models?
How to perform hypothesis testing for comparing different classifiers
Multiple correlation: PCA and behavior
Are these statements about p-values correct?
Does Greenhouse-Geisser correction influence the effect size estimation, the statistical significance treshold, or both of them?
Transition from pure mathematics to statistics via operational research
Compared results of 2 goodness-of-fit chi-square test
Statistical analysis on several data sources - possible?
Proof that omitted variable bias may lead to endogeneity
Different estimates of crossed random factor variance using nlme and lme4
Regression analysis with likert items
Joint power calculation for two correlated test statistics
Sequential importance sampling for multi way contingency table
From a Bayesian probability perspective, why doesn't a 95% confidence interval contain the true parameter with 95% probability?
Hints on this computer vision / machine learning problem
logistic regression with slack
Suspicious Friedman test results
Estimating a confidence interval around the average of an interacted treatment effect
Difference between point-biserial and rank-biserial correlations
Prove the equivalence of the following two formulas for Spearman correlation
How to make WinBUGS close when Trap occurs
coefficients extracted by effects package in R
What are the important conditions in ANOVA fixed effects?
comparing means between different studies
Fixed, random effect and nested factor in lme
String clustering and centroid computation
Probabilistic modelling MCMC question with pyMC
Multiple covariates in an ANCOVA design
General method for deriving the standard error
Time series prediction: visualising path uncertainty region
Standardizing inputs for CART
Updating the hyper parameters for conjugate distributions
How to scale new observations for making predictions when the model was fitted with scaled data?
How to sum uncertainties, systematic and random
Orthogonality in bias variance tradeoff
Real life examples of distributions with negative skewness
R as a backend processing engine
Probability density function within [0,1] with specifiable mode
Optimizing False Negative Rate after Logistic Regression
I'm stuck: How to 'bin' multiple binary outcome variables and then analyze within subject?
Superiority of LASSO over forward selection/backward elimination in terms of the cross validation prediction error of the model
Statistical testing: Multiple classifiers, 1 domain. Would rANOVA be appropriate?
Fitting multilevel models to complex survey data in R
PCA and degrees of freedom
Interpretation of point-biserial correlation
Negative binomial distribution mixture model with R
R plugin for SPSS
Equivalence of AIC and p-values in model selection
Coefficient marginal to interactions in linear regression
prediction inverval for linear regression with t-distributed noise
Name of this simple descriptive method for showing crosstable combination typicalities?
central limit theorem
Run time analysis of the clustering algorithm (k-means)
Confidence Interval for a Random Sample Selected from Gamma Distribution
Need some advice on data analysis
How to deal with 0 values on the diagonals for a chi-squared test
Evaluating a regression model
Estimator of Bessel function?
Deriving $\beta$ from expected loss function (Hastie, Tibshirani)
CLT can be used for weighted sum of different Bernoulli variables?
How to determine the proper sets or subsets of outcomes when autocorrelating frequency of each from year to year
How to compute for Bivariate Logistic Distribution
Calculating point estimates from model-averaged parameters
What's the best way to visualize the effects of categories & their prevalence in logistic regression?
Comparing estimators in Cauchy distribution
Help me prove that my pickup technique for women is statistically valid
Joint vs. marginal prediction intervals for path forecasts (with k-family wise error rate)
Possible classification techniques to use when each feature is a probability distribution
Warning message in auto.arima
Cannot replicate odds ratio
Example of CLT when moments do not exist
Linearized exponential regression by lm() vs. non-linear nls() regression
What is the null hypothesis in the definition of Sensitivity and Specificity?
Categorize continuous data effectively (taking into account a response variable)
Show that the Geometric Mean $g$ can be expressed as $\log g=a+\dfrac{k}{n}\sum_{i=1}^r f_i(i-1)$
Why use d-prime instead of percent correct?
Bayesian estimation of multivariate Gaussian from noisy observations with known error variances
Controlling for respondents' propensity to rate high/low or moderate/extreme
Prior predictive with discrete prior
Difference between iid data and non-iid data for a simple regression problem
lognormal distribution, standard-deviation and (physical) units
Modeling binary outcomes - inaccurate model when using logistic regression?
Advantages of bootstrapping when calculating mean
Coverage Proof of Confidence Intervals
AIC BIC Mallows Cp Cross Validation Model Selection
Using MANOVA for classification without separating training and test sets
Variance of Z for Z = X + Y, when X and Y correlated
Do I have to learn SAS if I want to go into industry?
Optimal weighting matrix instrumental variables estimator
In left skewed data, what is the relationship between mean and median?
Kolmogorov-Smirnov with parameter estimates
Forecasting irregular time series (with R)
Imposing a constraint on derivative when fitting of a polynomial
How to interpret output of poisson.test?
Multi-armed bandit algorithms vs Uplift modeling
qqPlot with Two Outliers
How to test for statistically significant differences between parameters for sigmoids fit to two different data sets?
Using all of the data
What are some differences between confirmatory analysis and exploratory analysis?
Minimum observations for creating dummy variables from a categorical group variable
lagged covariate or time series for analyzing change over time in Hgb (limited observations) in the prediction of disease status
Basic statistical equation
How to improve simulation efficiency of method of simulated moments with random coefficient?
Time series forecasting using R
Post hoc tests from Anova() from car-package
What can be inferred when multivariable ordinary least squares and quantile (median) regression yield differing results?
Missing data: what's the best approach?
Assessing quality of a fixed sample size with limited information about full set
Marginal effect of squared variable in Probit Model
Why does the standard deviation not decrease when I do more measurements?
Function MATLAB eig last component is incorrect
Individual sampling weights and percentages
Fidelity of measurement using conditional probabilities
Interpretation of ordinal logistic regression
How would you visualize a segmented funnel? (and could you do it with Python?)
Understanding covariance of errors in regression
How to compute the standard errors of a logistic regression's coefficients
Are the slopes of two segmented lines important in recognition of a breakpoint?
Feature selection for pattern mining
Precision and recall of a random classifier
What are $\rho$-, $\beta$-, and $\alpha$-mixing conditions?
Sizing of training and validation sets in machine learning: Is there a proven optimum, or merely heuristics?
Daily Sales Data - Week Days Only, No Holidays
How does the proof of Rejection Sampling make sense?
Alternative to visualize hyper-ellipsoid defined by variance-covariance matrix
Difference-in-Differences Estimator for Logistic Regressions
Binomial count data - use glmer, lmer or just average it all?
Poisson random variable conditioned on sum
Repeated measures analysis... or not?
Forecasting daily data with trend, yearly, day of the week, and moving holiday effects
Convert a categorical variable to a numerical variable prior to regression
Calculating Probability
What algorithm should I use to cluster a huge binary dataset into few categories?
How to extract average polyline from a set of polylines
Transformations of Variables
What is the purpose of precision variables?
Sample-adjusted meta-analytic deviancy macro/syntax for Excel, SPSS, MPLUS
Calculating Confidence Interval
Limit multiclassification SVM - ANN
Why use the t-distribution for confidence interval for difference of means for unpaired samples when the population variance is unknown?
Normal Approximation of the sum of correlated Bernoulli Random Variables
What is the problem encountered for confidence interval for single proportion when $n$ is small and $p$ is close 0 or 1?
Variation explained in ordinal logistic regression models
How to initiate bias node in a restricted Boltzman machine
Predictor is significant in logistic regression, but not in Mann-Whitney
How can I sample from a multinomial distribution with a fixed expected number of remaining categories?
Can a percentage be estimated as reliably with a small group?
Discontinuity Regression
Analysis of the Residuals vs Fitted
Network graph: hypothesis test that degree distribution is becoming more equitable
Composite Scores and Standardized Composite Scores t test
Prior Gamma distribution: Select appropriate alpha given beta and median
Summarising simulations on a transformed parameter
Association rules for continuous features
Linearity Assumption in OLS with Dummy Variables
Can one-dimensional cluster analysis factor in variance increasing with covariate?
Birthday paradox with a (huge) twist: Probability of sharing exact same date of birth with partner?
What do changes in regression coefficients indicate about correlations among predictors?
Bayesian MLPs using the MCMC methods - any tricks of the trade?
What is the name of a plot of - log 10 of p values in multiple testing?
Predicting Next Likely Outcome of Binary Time Series?
Multivariate Gaussian v. PCA + Independent Gaussians for Anomaly Detection
(very basic) One-sample test for binary data
Model selection for nonlinear regression of a Gaussian CDF mixture distribution
statistical method for spatial correlation between images
Expected standard deviation for a sample from a uniform distribution?
How is AUC of decision tree calculated?
K-medians, formula to compute the median
How to keep exploratory analyses of large datasets in check?
What do you do when there's no elbow point for kmeans clustering
How to compute marginals in Sum-Product Networks?
Standard deviation for values below 1
Exp(B) value outside 95% Wald Confidence Interval
Interpretation of p-values & reduction of model deviance for factors in anova() vs summary()
ARIMA model parameter
Predicting and calculating test mse using cforest R
Can someone help me with the derive the MLE for the parameter in the SARIMA model?
Significance test based on precision/recall/F1
Multivariate data analyis of compositional data
got stuck in Cluster analysis, way forward?
Fitting a log (or generalized?) linear model
Calculating significance and uplift on Revenue A/B Tests
How can I visualise overlapping time periods?
GLM for proportion data in r
What to claim when we don't reject the null hypothesis?
Fitting Mixture Distribution of Poisson and Negative Binomial (Delaporte Distribution)
How to describe or visualize a multiple linear regression model
Shrinkage estimation for regression with ARMA errors
I need to convert a yearly data into a quarterly and monthly data?
Compare the results of two canonical correlation analyses (CCA)
Regression clustering
Positive linear regression coefficient
Finding a correlation or statistically significant relationship in data
Multi-output decision tree
Cross Validation in Unbalanced Datasets
CDF of distribution $A+B$
SPSS: How to decompose interactions in repeated measures ANCOVA?
Three-way ANOVA with contrasts in Stata
Can you convert three-way ANOVA to one-way ANOVA?
What fraction of a parent’s genes exist in total across n offspring?
Using R to simulate a sampling distribution under $H_0$
Why does the standard error of the intercept increase the further $\bar x$ is from 0?
Difference-in-difference regression using R
Can I use the Cholesky-method for generating correlated random variables with given mean?
Comparing interaction effects using different variables. Possible?
Is there a test statistic for poisson regression?
Link function for log-logistic shared gamma frailty model
Propensity score matching with multiple treatments
ARIMAX for modelling daily sales
Is it important to scale data before clustering?
Understanding standard errors in logistic regression
How to deal with nominal variable with too many levels?
Survival Analysis and Predictor Variables
Method for simulation for random variables with a particular probability density function
Generating cumulative incidence curve for competing risk model - assuming changing covariates
Trouble in comprehending question: Simple linear regression - LS and MLE
What is the interval that relates to the mean as the equal tailed interval relates to the median and the highest density interval relates to the mode?
What does PCA (Principal Component Analysis) spheres the data mean?
Rejection sampling from a Gamma distribution using a Cauchy proposal
Arithmetic vs Geometric Mean
Does the more complex model necessarily have a lower deviance?
How to estimate False Discovery Rate from p-value distribution?
How to create an index with only categorical variables (dichotomous, nominal and ordinal) only?
What methods exist for finding optimal splits to discretize continuous data with respect to a target variable
Defining precision in a mechanical movement
Newton Raphson Algorithm: negative semi definiteness
Intercept parameter, $\beta_0$
Is the multivariate Gauss the only pdf incorporating covariances?
'Uniformization'?
2x2x2 repeated measures anova: do I correct for type I error?
Can the gamma distribution act as conjugate in this MVN case?
Are there any probabilistic models for graph-based recommender systems?
Interpretation of logloss value
Finding the joint probability distribution $P(X_1=x_1,\ldots,X_n=x_n)$
Is it ok to compute statistics on t-values?
Variance of absolute value of a rv
residuals plots from four linear models
How to find a conditional probability using copula-based Markov process?
Is it abnormal that out-of-sample fit is better than in-sample?
Maximam r distance for Ripley's K-function
how to code and interpret categorical time varying variable in Cox PH model
At what point to categorise a continuous variable (and method)?
building a classification model for strictly binary data
Choosing an appropriate model - What does this phrase mean?
Estimating the probability of causation based on finding a correlation, including experimental details
What do you do when a centroid doesn't attract any points?
Dichotomised data-how to test for a difference(potentially independent t-test) SPSS
creating contrast matrix (limma) for two factorial in R
Exploratory Analysis - finding the most important factor
Sequence of Bernouilli trials with diminishing returns
Using aggregated data from a database with data from another
What's the difference between kernel and stepwise logistic regression?
Exact derivation for finding k-means from Gaussian Mixtures
How to best visualize differences in many proportions across three groups?
Longitudinal paired analysis
Meaning of a convergence warning in glmer
Geometric Mean of Uniform random variables convergence
Geometric mean of uniform variables
Sales forecasting to account for regression
Why do we use the determinant of the covariance matrix when using the multivariate normal?
Translog Returns to Scale Variation
What is the minimum of two independent variables?
Is it possible to have an F-test with a $p<.05$ even if there is an $R^2<.1$ for a least squares analysis in JMP?
Multiple Regression and number of parameters to include for a learning algorithm
Relationships between t distributions and normal distributions
Exponential of a standard normal random variable
t-test correction for serial correlation
How do I calculate the distribution of number of events in the busiest period?
Statistical significance seen with Kaplan-Meier but not with Cox model
Dimension of weight vectors in SVMs
How to write this cost equation?
car racing game win factors
Term used to describe a particular sample
How to replicate Stata's robust glm for proportion data in R?
Sample size calculation for logistic regression using simulations
What's the probability that from 25 random numbers between 1 and 100, the highest appears more than once?
Random effects model with PLM: System is computationally singular-Error?
Comparison between groups with unequal sample sizes
Multiple comparisons for correlation matrix?
Log odds as prior
What is the minimum viable cell size for 2x2 ANOVA?
How to find the most important factors or combination of levels in a finite data set
Looking for a Good Text on Statistical Analysis of Satisfaction Data
How to deal with imperfect multicollinearity
How should very large sample sizes be used?
How many samples are needed to estimate a p-dimensional covariance matrix?
Can statistics really be used in education to determine test scores?
how to add instances data into test arff file with the same attribute and relation with training file
Separating Base and Promotional Volume
Appropriate probability distribution for censored ratio data
Bayesian inference with the wrong distribution
Can (should?) regularization techniques be used in a random effects model?
Good resources on Aalen additive models (survival)
Differences-in-Differences coefficients meaning (from Mostly Harmless Econometics)
What do you call a graph where you color a grid based on some measure?
Zeros in non-negative data: can you multiply by 10^c, round, and then model as poisson GLM?
Introduction to non-parametric statistics
What do I call a set of datasets
Probability of 3 brothers born on the same date of 3 different months?
Recovering true data from many noisy samples with varying unknown amounts of noise
Linear regression: Evaluate probability of $Y>y| X=x$
Z-scores, standardized tests and population means
Estimating Negative Binomial Regression Model
Padding a matrix - effect on statistical analyses
How to find the distribution of data with data fitting
Statistical comparison of two signals
Gradient of Gaussian log-likelihood
Conditional FE Binomial Logit Models (Stata)
Should $H_0$ be specified as an equality or an inequality for one-sided tests
Pitfalls to avoid when transforming data?
What plots should be used for diagnostics for linear mixed model?
Error of data fitting by gamma.fit() in Python
Fitting ARMA model with MATLAB R2012b
Introduction to support vector machines
random effect in mixed linear model SPSS
How can a uniform prior make the posterior mean different from the MLE?
Coin flipping example
Which distribution fits data better?
Time series trend
Testing that two models from two different data sets are independent
Non-fixed seasonality in time series
Interpretation of Count Models Based on Weibull Interarrival Times?
How to define train and test sets in financial time series for estimating machine learning parameters
What type of multivariate linear regression is this?
Rejection sampling from a normal distribution
How to code and analyze skiped questions with SPSS
Should I log the quotient of 2 variables, or use the quotient of 2 logged variables?
(Inverse) proportionality between significance and effect size, for a fixed sample size?
Visually random model residuals, yet heteroskedastic? ( very small Breusch-Pagan Test P-Value)
Rejection Sampling
working with little data
How to create a covariate × time interaction term in Cox regression?
Effect of difference operator on sampling
Proportion of Intervals from t-interval method
Estimated standard errors for weak instrumental variable
Is it ever okay to ignore heteroskedastic residuals and continue with analysis?
Statistical tests for comparing a skewed clinical sample
Techniques for scaling data matrix to avoid rank deficiency issues
Order of items in a questionnaire
Statistical videos to learn regression analysis and multivariate analysis?
Does power of a test depend on number of cases or number of observations?
Simulating data for repeated measures ANOVA
Identifiability in nonlinear mixed-effects models
How to design neural networks for pattern recognition in biometry?
delta method with higher order terms to improve variance estimation accuracy
In k-fold cross validation does the training subsample include test set?
Inferential analysis on categorical medical data
Suggestion for Books on Visualization and Natural Language Processing
How to do external validation of logistic regression models and perform model benchmarking
Time series and stationnarity tests
Determine if two proportions from the same sample are different
What statistical tests can be used on a distribution of distributions?
What is a proper scale to do the social network analysis?
Creating a translated sample by subtracting mode
How to decide on the MLE when pmf is 0?
Using KNN (with contributing weights) to calculate ranking
A toy model of Principal Components Analysis in R
Is this a decent summary of the kernel trick?
Are there arithmetical tests analogues for graphical test?
Probablistic counterpart for kNN
GARCH modelling
estimate a distribution parameters only by data mean and std. dev
unbalanced samples random Forests
Can you ever have known parameters?
Finding estimator for a one-parameter Weibull distribution
Way to correct sample selection bias with unknown selection?
Naive Bayes Classifier - measure accuracy after training
Convergence in Distribution\CLT
How to deal with invalid data values such as with age (e.g., -99, 0, F1)?
Why are intervals for means narrower than intervals for individual observations?
Is it fair to say p-values tell us nothing about the probability null hypotheses are true?
Bonferroni correction for two different tests on the same dataset
Interpreting negative coordinates and origin in 2D correspondence analysis plot
Time varying predictors at higher aggregation levels in multilevel survival analysis
Sampling from an arbitrary distribution with unknown CDF
How to calculate the similarity of two corpora (each of which contains a set of documents)?
Optimal sampling strategy for EFA, CFA and SEM
Comparing two means: Same group, different variance (Welch's t-test?)
Confidence interval of two variances
What test of significance is best suited to compare concentrations, with only one sample of each population?
Algorithm for minimization of sum of squares in regression packages
In a linear regression, why is the mean of all $y_i$ equal to 0?
Mutual information between sets of variables
Continuous dependent variable that almost looks like a categorical variable
How to statistically determine if something appears in the beginning of a vector
Poisson vs Binomial for rare events
Bayesian Survival Analysis: please, write me a prior for Kaplan Meier!
How to assess whether IQ predicts emotional experiment more at time 1 or time 2 controlling for covariates?
manipulating Gaussian distributions
Logistic regression with binary inputs
Generating a categorical variable from an imputed variable
Prediction interval for my bus journey
What are the relative merits of Winsorizing vs. Trimming data?
Bootstrap approach for testing differences in interquartile range suitable?
How to forecast a Markov Switching Model
Why compute a Q(s,a) state-action function when the model is unknown in reinforcement learning?
Understanding random forest, gini, and KS
rms validate on models with a predict function such as coxph and glmnet
Under what circumstances is regression discontinuity preferred to differences in differences?
Why does summing joint probabilities with respect to one variable give probabilities in terms of the other?
How can you have significant correlations and insignificant coefficients?
Dummy variables for linear models with multiple levels
Is it inappropriate to call multiple regression analysis 'correlational'?
SVD & ICA -- or why doesn't the other rotation matrix in SVD solve for independent components?
Fourier bases for a stationary signal & relation to PCA for natural images
Dealing with guessing in multiple choice questionnaires
Infer causality with high collinearity
Binomial mixed model with categorical predictors: model selection and getting p-values
Minimum sample size for t-test
Can a statistical test return a p-value of zero?
The probability that one bernoulli process has a higher p than another?
How to include number of not-yet-decayed radioactive atoms in MLE?
Approaches to regression with zero inflated response
Bayesian inferencing: how iterative parameter updates work?
SVM primal formulation: does the constants constraint matter?
Binomial GLMM with categorical predictors: p-values?
Confidence interval when data is in range
How many times, in expectation, am I fetching a random sample from a predefined discrete probability distribution of elements?
Correlating two time series to account for lag and lingering effects
How to do model testing in Indirect Inference/Simulated/General Method of Moments
Unconditional mean of an ARCH (1) model
Unequal variance, one replication, empty cells RCBD ANOVA
Survey data validation with inverted questions
Comparing estimators of location of the Cauchy distribution
Prediction Model for the number of defects
Generalized $R^2$ for average model
What's the exact meaning of identically distributed random variables?
Interpreting Principal Component Analysis output
What probability distribution is to the discrete uniform distribution as the beta distribution is to uniform distribution over $[0,1]$?
Binomial GLMM: Model validation & ceiling effect
Dealing with poorly estimated/missing explanatory variable values in GLMs
Gaussian Process Kernel and Ridge Regression
Type of regression method to use
population statistics and deviation from mean
Validity of a statistical procedure to calculate an odds ratio for a Fisher's exact test?
Multiple ANOVAs, shall I correct the homogeneity of variance test?
Confidence interval does not include 0, but Wilcoxon test is sgnificant
If the distribution is bimodal, does p-value mean anything?
Examples for teaching: Sometimes we CAN infer causality.
Metric optimization on discrete learning sample
Variational inference engines
PCA figure formatting options in R
Why do I get more than 25 symbols in plot in 25-fold cross-validation
Why are the geometric distribution and hypergeometric distribution called as such?
What is a mixing process?
CIs for proportions in Stata: ci vs. proportion command
OLS vs. quantile regression
Validate web a/b tests by re-running an experiment - is this valid?
Estimating the covariance matrix in LDA
Determining the confidence interval of Monte Carlo data
Regression model where output is a probability
How to test if a value is over-represented in one sample vs another
SD larger than mean, non-negative scale
Different formulations for SVM with slack variables (primal)
Questions about confidence intervals
Is the value of $\alpha$ the same for all support vectors (SV) in the dual and what is the reason for it if they do or don't?
In OLS on a census, should statistical significance be ignored?
Appropriate distribution for bounded data set
How to compare two non-normally distributed samples with very different sizes? (Mann-Whitney vs Randomization/Bootstrap)
SVM basic theory?
Ways the likelihood ratio test may fail
KKT versus unconstrained formulation of lasso regression
Notation for multilevel modeling
Kernel Bandwidth: Scott's vs. Silverman's rules
Why is AUC higher for a classifier that is less accurate than for one that is more accurate?
Many forms of bivariate distributions
Why is the functional form of the 1st stage in 2SLS not important?
Bayesian analysis of contingency tables: How to describe effect size
Hypothesis testing with Neyman–Pearson (finding cutoff quantile of Poisson dist)
Should the outcome variable be measured at least twice for a longitudinal study?
Why is Shapiro–Wilk test considered to be the best normality test?
Linear regression - are my models nested or non-nested?
How to fit log-linear poisson autoregressive mixed model?
Pearson r with percentages across time
Can independent variables with low correlation with dependent variable be significant predictors?
Does randomness imply independence?
Margin of error for non-dichotomous data
What kind of model is used by 20 Questions?
Generating values from copula using copula package in R
Establishing a strategy to log data processing steps
Do the mean and the variance always exist for exponential family distributions?
Which graphs are best suited to visualize multiple pre- and post-test scores between multiple groups?
The difference of kernels in SVM?
Efficient estimators
regression with kNN on dataset with categorical variables
EnergyThe meaning of these term in Image Processing?
How to get a reciprocal plot from x and p(x)?
Fitting random intercept and slope in lmer for lme4.
How to keep time invariant variables in a fixed effects model
example where comparison of three mean anova and t-test have different results
Using BIC to estimate the number of k in KMEANS
plotting a main effect in the context of a significant interaction
Area under the ROC curve or area under the PR curve for imbalanced data?
Using Weighted Least Squares with Robust Standard Errors
Why do I get clipping when using tanh activation function?
What is the meaning of the term enrichment when performing cross-validation?
What's the difference between multiple R and R squared?
The relations between sampling and optimization
lmer giving worse performance than lm
Fisher Information as measurement of curvature and hence information
Ambiguity with multinomial logit models
Testing for significant difference in mortality rate between multiple groups
Siginificant size for a Control Group
Why are there no one-inflated count data models?
Method of moments and maximum likelihood problem
Need a working algorithm to find out optimal kernel bandwidth for density estimation
Probability of a committee being selected
How do I interpret the dlnm Contour plot and Overall plot in R?
Imputation with mice: recode variables before or after imputation?
direction of effect size
Can we use clustering output as predictor variable for classification?
Non-parametric estimators for time-varying binomial proportion
Where is traditional inference really relevant?
How to determine error bars given number of flips
Normalized Variation of Information (NVI) visualization of distances to several references
R: Problem with NaNs in gamma regression using glm
multiple linear regression with normalization - how to get non-scaled full covariance matrix
How can stochastic gradient descent avoid the problem of a local minimum?
Inverting non positive definite covariance matrix
How to interpret the number of k in k-nearest-neighbour classifier?
Determining similar users from hierarchical clustering
Count data with one factor level containing only zeroes
Probability with Z-Score
How to compare features and classifiers which achieve perfect accuracy?
In decision tree construction, can a good splitter have low information gain?
Why use a z test rather than a t test with proportional data?
Difference in two Normal Distributions?
Is it necessary to exclude all nonsignificant parameters to choose the best model?
Why is Leave One Out Cross Validation (LOOCV) variance about the mean estimate for error high?
Analyzing CART type trees in R--options for grouping results, formatting plots
Help interpreting logistic regression
A lot of iterations before converging - GLMM vs GEE question
F-values in ANOVA table
How to solve the problem, that the scale of variables influence the gradient/optimization
Measuring distribution of growth rates
Confusion matrix calculation in random forest classifier in R
How to run a power analysis for a repeated measures (all within-subjects) with combined contrasts?
Was the math/statistics application in this article correct?
How to define weights when testing an exponential trend?
How do I know which class my random forest model is predicting?
What are the definitions of semi-conjugate and conditional conjugate priors?
Is there a better way than side-by-side barplots to compare binned data from different series
Testing for overdispersion in logistic regression
What is the difference between accuracy and agreement?
I have a problem with bayes and train lines
Determining the probability of $X_2 \ge X_1$ given they have different probability functions
How to find conjugate prior for a given distribution?
Obtain the covariance matrix with the correlations and the variances
Can the curse of dimensionality be solved by changing the metric tensor?
Obtaining a Probability Distribution From a Survival Function
Define a hypersherical neighborhood around a target point with radius r'
What does $(X'X)^{-1}$ mean?
State-of-the-art in deduplication
Comparing different conditions on a binomial distribution
Is there an advantage to rescaling a set of Likert items from 1-5 to 0-4?
How important it is to have an intuition of why various statistical tests work?
For what class of distribution is this function concave?
Selecting most important variable based on individual p-value vs. partial $R^2$
Hierarchical classification
Can Dirichlet and multinomial distributions be defined from their univariate distributions this way?
Using GLM with transformed data
Are the marginal distributions of a multivariate distribution the corresponding univariate distributions?
Probability of Largest Sample Observation
Difference between the Wilcoxon Rank Sum Test and the Wilcoxon Signed Rank Test using paired observations
Normalized cross correlation vs Euclidean distance in template matching
Can a multivariate distribution with a singular covariance matrix have a density function?
how to test interaction with anova?
Estimating a single proportion from a marginal or conditional model
Multilevel model specification for count data (with overdispersion) in R
Using Wilcoxon-Mann-Whitney test for comparing two population of different sizes
Finding the cluster centers in kernel k-means clustering
The main effect will be non-significant if the interaction is significant?
How do I get V-shaped distributed random numbers from uniformly distributed numbers?
fraction of geometric means versus fraction of arithmetic means
When is a proper scoring rule a better estimate of generalization in a classification setting?
P-value of F-test to compare two variances (var.test in R)
Random walks and Markov chains
Suggest models for prediction based on small sample data
Is there any functional difference between an odds ratio and hazard ratio?
Distribution of the convolution of squared normal and chi-squared variables?
R code for zero inflated Poisson
Comparing isomap residual variance to pca variance
What are some classic examples of feature selection in classification?
Advice on how to analyse “customer-data” in R
How to combine several categorical variables into one quality of health measure?
Relative size of p values at different sample sizes
Estimation/simulation of homing with time effect
Cosine similarity for a group of vectors
How do I propagate error when X+Y=1 and aX+bY=1?
Why are after training 5-state HMM only few entries of transition matrix left greater than zero?
R: multiple linear regression model and prediction model
What model to use to predict behavior of a group based on past behavior of group members
R: generate binomial sample with (pretty) exact probability
Machine learning techniques for spam detection, and in general for text classification
Comparison of subpopulations: do I need normalisation?
Should anova(model, test=Chisq) not produce a test statistic as well as a P value?
TukeyHSD with factorial ANCOVA
Using real data means as centroids for clustering
Generalised linear model fitted values
How to treat age-specific left-censored data
Is a model nested within itself before collapsing categorical variables?
Compute Shannon entropy between every row of a large, sparse matrix
Residual Vs. Fitted Plot with Outliers
How to compare frequency distributions between 3 groups
Maximum likelihood of two Poisson distributions
In a meta-analysis, how should one handle non-significant studies containing no raw data?
Paired t-test of medians
Details on kriging and variograms
What can be inferred from a 95% confidence interval on a correlation coefficient?
Visualizing many left-skewed distributions
Autoregressive Markov chain simulation and the likelihood ratio test for Markov property
Asymptotic Distribution of beta distribution parameter
Visualizing large dataset with multiple subgroups
Plotting error ellipsoid from 3x3 covariance matrix in R?
Avoiding large variances when taking the logs of small values
Comparing proportions between two mega-groups
How to calculate max/min scales on a scatter plot
How can I identify correlation between event types over time
Best open source data visualization software to use with PowerPoint
Changing the units for an independent variable in a Poisson model
How to estimate an mlogit (R package) model with a fixed (offset) variable
Why did fixing the covariance value cause AMOS to mis-estimate variance?
P-value NaN using chi2gof to validate lognormal distribution in dataset
How do principal components change upon the addition of new data?
On which side resides the rejection area of a Chow test?
Sample size / power calculation for logrank survival test
Gaussian Copula Approximation of an intractable distribution
Estimation of unknown vector's amplitude with Gaussian noise
How do I train HMM's for classification?
Ploting classifiers' performance results for different datasets
Confirmatory factor analysis for data reduction (prior to regression)
How to derive the Projected normal distribution
How to choose the cutoff probability for a rare event Logistic Regression
How to create a multivariate Brownian Bridge
When does drawing additional samples not cause much benefit in estimating the population probability distribution?
What does the different populations result of a significant group t-test mean exactly?
Post-PCA analysis phase
The (statistically unsound) exploratory study (no particular hypothesis)
Anderson-Darling code test
Simple yes / no question. Uncertain how to analyze the results
How to incorporate time varying group covariates in linear mixed effects model
Formal justification of Bayesian inference as a model for belief
OLS with a heavily skewed independent variable
How to determine appropriate number of features and also which features to select?
$p(D)$ in Bayesian Statistics
Predicting the growth of a social network
Advice on sensitivity analysis for priors in Bayesian statistics
Facebook users similarities
Laplace rule of succession for a Poisson process
Probability of dependent second event without knowing result of first event?
normalizing dataset for extrapolation - sample or population mean and standard deviation?
Does quasi-random number generator have a period?
Sample size needed for test of binomial using Fishers exact test
Can likelihood be changed when the prior changes?
Weeding out multi-collinear categorical variables
Plotting averages when there are missing values
Weighted Linear Regression R
Multiplicative error in survey data
Characterizing relationship between two datasets
Interpretation of intercept of a regression line in time series data
comparing models in R
Comparing two curves with different x-axis points - appropriate test?
Prediction algorithm in ctree() function in R party package
Fisher's exact test or chi-square test
exact test on proportion: confidence intervals vs p value
Distribution of an estimated parameter
R gls() vs. SAS proc mixed with interaction: Why does R complain about a singular matrix when SAS does not?
Does one lose information or precision when calculating effect sizes from statistical values rather than from the raw data?
Gap in testing random forest using samples with different construction
Overlapping sample t-test
What to do for Dirichlet distribution when elements of X vector may be zero
Comparing migration statistics of the same city
Confidence intervals for 6-point Likert scale
Standard errors for lasso prediction using R
How to compute sample size to detect a small change?
Understanding the effect of each parameter in a Monte Carlo Simulation
How does logistic regression use the binomial distribution?
How to integrate cdf(ppf(x)-A) for standard normal ppf and cdf
Same or different? The Bayesian way
Do discriminative models overfit more than generative models?
Variance estimation from two gaussian distributions
How to interpret standard errors in a Cox model?
Normal curve probability mean
Regularization in unordered vectors
What is the autocorrelation function of a time series arising from computing a moving standard deviation?
Vector Quantization of heavy tailed distribution
Validity of Log-rank p-value when there are zero events in one group?
What is the ratio of uniform and normal distribution?
How can a distribution have infinite mean and variance?
Waiting time for successive occurrences of a result, when rolling a dice
Does A independent of B, and B correlated with C imply that C is independent of A?
Regression specification
Statistically prove the effectiveness of a treatment using GLM repeated measurements
Deduce variance from boxplot
Why all known distributions are unimodal?
Linear Mixed Models with variable time points in SPSS
What is it meant by the rejection region and power of a likelihood ratio test?
How can I handle missing values when fitting IRT model?
Entropy of generalized distributions?
Distribution heavily stacked on either limit - appropriate test?
If the level of a test is decreased, would the power of the test be expected to increase?
Can I think of the level of a hypothesis test as being the probability the null hypothesis is true?
Simulating Diffusion/Wiener Process with Random Walk
goodness of fit for censored data
Data Preparation – Historical yearly data rolled up or kept as separate observations
Random walk under changing conditions
Question about Good Turing Discounting
Why do we assign fractional ranks in rank tests?
Find distribution of the data from Q-Q plot
Using residualized predictors outside the linear model context
Cost Benefit Analysis of Pre-screening Widgets for Faults before they Fail
Overdispersion in logistic regression
How to handle Missing Data
What do you call $p(Y|X_1)$?
t-statistic confidence intervals vs wilson score confidence intervals
Obtain the asymptotic distribution of X/Y if X and Y are iid and independent of each other
Mechanism of multiple imputation?
Using the predicted values of one regression as the dependent variable in another; problems? techniques?
Book recommendation: sample size determination for hypothesis testing of the mean
Why does my bootstrap interval have terrible coverage?
How to compare pre- and post-tests when subject identifier is missing?
Probability that the square of a random integer ends in 1
How can I estimate the shape of a curve where the predictor variable is right censored interval variable?
How do I show that the final point estimates of a variable satisfy the invertibility conditions?
Equivalence of simple random sampling with- and without- replacement
When no model comparison, should I use REML vs ML?
Condition number of covariance matrix
Are pairwise Wilcoxon tests a valid non-parametric alternative to Tukey's HSD test?
Improving a linear regression: Add predictors or change model?
Sign of coefficients in linear regression vs. the sign of correlation
Connection between power law and Zipf's law
Statistical significance for comparison of linear regression models
Can MCMC iterations after burn in be used for density estimation?
Switchpoint detection with probabilistic programming (pymc)
How to draw estimates based on variance covariance matrix?
Computationally cheap estimation of the mode from 2D samples
Imbalanced training dataset and Random Forest regression model
Fitting probability distribution to data
Random walk governed by Markov Chain
Is my understanding of this “confidence interval” solution correct?
logistic regression for modelling
Variance of the sum of correlated random variables
Interaction effects in non-linear models
Finding interactions using randomForest
Is it better to select distributions based on theory, fit or something else?
Can effective sample size in MCMC simulation be greater than the actual sample size?
What is quasibinomial?
Gaussian Process , selecting the hyperparameters
Variance and Variograms: Sigma?
Interpreting a PCA Biplot of a time series?
Pitfalls of posterior simulation when analysis didn't begin as Bayesian
Interpretation of coefficient sign change and order of terms
How is the formula for the Standard error of the slope in linear regression derived?
SAS - REG vs GENMOD; OLS vs MLE
How much is moderate violation to normality for one sample t-test?
Analysis of variance with Weibull or Gamma distributions
Does R have post hoc tests robust to unequal sample sizes/population variances?
Does the Central Limit Theorem only work for iid random variables?
Any fancy application of convergence (in probability, law, CLT, etc)?
Predictive Model with Underlying Environment Trending
Bayesian meta-analysis
In EM derivation why can I sum over the iid variables in the conditional expectation?
The number of coin tosses needed if the proportion of heads is to lie within 0.05 of p with probability at least 0.9?
Who said, let the data speak for themselves?
Effects of reducing number of central points in central composite design?
What is a contrast in a Principal Component Analysis (PCA)?
MANOVA, when independent variable is not multi-level and P value significant in MANOVA but not in ANOVA
Developing an appropriate time series model to predict sales based on past month record
Calculating mean and variance with logarithmic sample weights
Probability enemy territory captured in X turns
Extreme value distribution for multivariate normal
Correlation of many 1d vectors
Use pc scores to check mulitvariate normality
T test with one group
Explanatory variables in a Lin-log model
Markov-Switching model of distribution
Why are directed graphical models called Bayesian?
Cross-Validation, how to actually implement the concept
Can conditional distributions be considered as a parameterized family of distributions?
Hypothesis testing simple null vs. complex alternative
How to perform parameters tuning for machine learning?
What is the right attitude toward open source machine learning toolkits?
Link Functions where MLE=OLS
Panel data visualization
Good reference book for statistics in medicine
Time series prediction where each datapoint has a sequence
Preconditioning gradient descent
What to learn after Casella & Berger?
How to calculate regularization parameter in generalized ridge regression given the degrees of freedom and input matrix?
Alternatives to one-way ANOVA for heteroskedastic data
Interaction term in a linear log model
Dealing with multicollinearity in logistic regresson model
Chi-square and repeated measure
Effect of each parameter on a Monte Carlo Simulation
Generalised (nonhomogeneous) Poisson process
Is it possible to model BOTH censoring and truncation in BUGS?
A question in order statistics of continuous type distribution
Can I use an F-test to test the equality of variances if my distribution is leptokurtic?
2-stage Heckman instrumental variable estimation
CDF and logistic regression
The value of adding the ROC graph if the AUC is given
Analysing overdispersed data with generalised linear models
What are pros and cons of empirical Bayesian methods?
How to compute a limit of $L_p$ norms?
Reporting bootstrapped output for an independent samples t test
Can unimodal prior and unimodal sampling distributions lead to a multimodal posterior distribution?
Using Univariate ANOVA with non-normally distributed data
Modelling atemporal causal link between two (or three) indices
Using low-discrepancy sequence for bernoulli trials in MC sim
What is a shift bicluster?
Ordinal, Categorical, or Interval
Use of log of an independent variable and its implications
Estimating the number of streets in $CITY?
How are the numbers of modes of marginal and joint distributions related?
Is it better to assess the strength of regression predictors using semipartial correlations or standardized coefficients?
What inferential method produces the empirical CDF?
How to interpret the characteristic roots of moment equation of a AR(2) model?
How deal with exponential distribution of data during principal component analysis
Blackwell-MacQueen Urn Scheme
Why is it not OK to do a Pearson correlation on proportion data?
Joint distribution of a random variable and the sample maximum
Can a deep belief network (stacked RBMS) be used solely as a dataset generator?
Intuition behind auto/cross-correlation
Chi-square test: difference between goodness-of-fit test and test of independence
A test for a binomial r.v. vs. sum of two binomial r.v.'s?
What algorithms are available for logistic regression?
Is the Pearson goodness-of-fit test parametric or non-parametric?
Why NB and Poisson performs superior than ZIP, ZINB and Hurdle in presence of lots of zeros?
Estimating distribution function for dependent observations
What sort of feedback button should I implement to measure the difficulty of a task
Correct model to use for count data
Does covariance stationarity lead to mean stationarity necessarily?
Progression between two exams under three conditions
Does one need to adjust for multiple comparisons when using MANOVA?
Polynomial term in logistic regression
Estimation of a vector with a big covariance matrix
Fitting multiplicative model in a Frequentist way in R
Normalized Data vs. Non Normalized Data in SVM Training
Non-informative prior for Poisson/gamma density
Understanding and Implementing a Dirichlet Process model
multivariate distributions bounded on [0,1] where parameters can be solved for from known mode
How can I find a level $\alpha$ most powerful test?
What does the predict() function on a PCA model return?
Kolmogorov-Smirnov test for large sample
How to compare the price of two sets of business transactions?
Line smoothness/waviness
Within-subjects model in JAGS/stan
Why is polynomial regression considered a special case of multiple linear regression?
Deconvolution of sum results in negative numbers
Empty asymptotic confidence interval?
Converting a parametric survival model to a cash flow model. How do I account for aging in the population?
How do instrumental variables address selection bias?
Interaction term is insignificant but the interaction plot shows signs of signficance
I want to study the effect of the normality assumption on intervals like t-confidence interval and $\chi^2$ interval.. by using R
What difference (if any) exists between the Response Distribution and Error Distribution in GLMs?
Is it better to use data imputation for missing data or an analysis that is not affected by missing data (e.g., HLM/mixed effects modelling)?
What happens to adjusted R squared as sample size increases?
How do I prove the significance of a non-linear model?
Given two sets, how can I say statistically if they are similar/different
Variety of ways of reporting aged debt
What is the sample-size range for which the median should be preferred to the mean as a measure of central tendency? And why?
finding probability density function
Why maximum likelihood and not expected likelihood?
Use of the F statistic in logistic regression
Prediction with scikit and an precomputed kernel (SVM)
R package kernlab probabilities seem not to match decision
Mean average precision (MAP) evaluation statistic - understanding good/bad/chance values
Multiple measurements per trial in R
What is the distribution of a sum of a subset of probabilities, with each probability having the same distribution?
How to interpret a QQ-plot of p-values
Likelihood function of a sample selection model
How to calculate 95% confidence interval for non-linear equation?
Comparison between normal glm and glm.nb regression with quadratic term?
Deep Belief Networks: connecting visible bias of higher layers to hidden bias of lower layer?
Combining outcome measures for meta-analysis
How can I smooth noisy time series data to explore possible relationships
Sample space for hypothseis, training data of bayes theorem
How to fit this neuron firing model with R?
PP-plots vs. QQ-plots
Johanson test conditions and Breusch-Godfrey LM test
Ridge regression in Matlab produces different results than direct calculation
Support Vector Machines - Kernel Functions/Soft Margin SVM
R: What do I see in partial dependence plots of gbm and RandomForest?
Using AIC to select an upper bin for a counting variable
How to handle underdispersion in GLMM (binomial outcome variable)
Compute and graph the LDA decision boundary
Obtaining and sampling from the posterior predictive of a naive Bayes classifier
Special method for forecasting on time-series clusters in R?
Interpolation of time series data
Reproduce boxplot with only data points at given quantiles
Long Run VAR alpha and beta significance levels
Maximum likelihood estimation (MLE) for Markov Chain initial distribution?
AR(2) simulation problem
How to obtain a p-value for the eta measure of association?
Testing if alcohol consumption and smoking are independent
$R^2$ in multivariate regression
Derive squared exponential covariance function
k-means + linear regression: How to split the data for validation
What classification method to use
Statistics published in academic papers
What time series model should be used?
Standard deviations and significance values
Are binomial and McNemar's tests right for my data?
Why are small sample sized avoided in meta-analyses?
Robust normalization of features from multiple groups and unknown distributions prior to learning
Time trend or time dummies in a panel
A question between the relation of the 1-alpha quantile and the 1-sqrt(alpha) quantile of the normal distribution
Posterior variance reduction
What is the formula of correlation coefficient against 3 or more variables?
What would you use as your default model for comparison?
Normalization on frequently updated dataset
Cost functions for contextual bandits
Linkage research using longitudial data
Controlling for Type 1 Errors: Post-hoc testing on more than 1 ANOVA
Possibilities of accelerating EM algortihm
Modeling user behavior in a system
What is the meaning of the beta-coefficient for an interaction term in a crossover study?
Training, testing, validating in a survival analysis problem
Validating Correlation in Excel
Standard error of mean of gamma distribution
clustering in Item-based collaborative filtering
My data lies on a linear plane
Beta Vector from Scaled PLS Model not Reproducing Predicted Responses
How Does a Disparity in Number of Documents (Training Data Points) Affect Text Classification?
How to calculate disparity of two images in matlab?
Multilevel data with correlation within subjects
Error bar for Poisson count data
Test which method is better if data is gathered on overlapping time windows (not independent)
When optimizing a logistic regression model, sometimes more data makes things go *faster*. Any idea why?
How to conduct regression analysis on ordinal variables in SPSS?
statistical handling of lab values below limit of quantitation (BLQ)
Clustering Techniques
R - How to smooth a conversion of weekly sales into daily sales?
How can I determine the probability that a sample has a certain average given details about the total population?
How to analyze healing time when the follow up times are not equal and we are looking at a specific time?
Using Poisson distribution to generate random integers
How did Efron imagine the bootstrap?
Principles to create natural data for a clustering algorithm?
Testing for a drop in bookings
Logistic mixed model
What is a good technique for grouping objects based on binary or dichotomous traits?
Analysis of rates and post hoc test with offset variable using glmer.nb
Random effects assumption and testing level 2 predictor variables
Testing large dataset for normality - how and is it reliable?
Expectation expansion query
What benefit can be gained from finding total population size
clustering variables of mixed types in R
Persistent Contrastive Divergence for RBMs
Forecasting and auto-correlation
estimating product of 2 independent variables
How do I nest data in a mixed-effects model? and MANY related questions about mixed effects models!
Linear Kernel in Baysian Linear Regression
Checking residuals for normality in generalised linear models
Correlations in count data
Clear steps to calculate coherence between two time series
Relative importance of a set of predictors in a random forests classification in R
How to interpret output from nparcomp in R
Poisson distribution of two independent random variables
Differencing a time series
Data transformation for count data with many zeros
Similarity measures for point processes
Can a mathematically sound prediction interval have a negative lower bound?
Is the data normally or lognormally distributed?
Choosing a discrete non-uniform distribution for generating random integers
Same dataset analysed with four different linear models
Poisson GLM vs Quasi Poisson GLM
How to interpret Box-Cox Transformation
Algorithm for scoring co-varying traits
Understanding ACF - PCF Plots of ARIMA model
How do I remove emotional bias in rating survey questions?
Multiple Regression - Extreme F-statistic and R-square on 1 - too good to be true?
Expected value of inverse?
Likelihood vs. Probability
PCA loadings and valid principal components
Modelling points in basketball match as a Markov chain with Poisson regression
calculating distribution of $U=-\ln Y$
Linearly dependent features
PIT on a sample with m bins, and KS test used to estimate a good value for m
Alternative to spherical K-Means for clustering large high dimensional dataset
Wilks's lambda distribution
Probability on Z-score
When are odds ratios worse/better than risk ratios as measures of the effect size of associations between categorical variables?
Bootstrapping t-test for nonparametric data
How to perform a Fisher exact test for 2X5 or 3X5 tables?
Comparison of cophenetic correlation coefficients on different data sets
How to expand sample subset with similar data
Inferring testlet structure in item response theory
Test for statistical difference between two curves on same plot?
Can you combine z scores from similar but non-identical populations?
Channel capacity
Literature on nonparametric density estimation
Should plots for time series use a logarithmic scale for duration/time?
Does residual autocorrelation beyond the first lag have any implication in a regular regression?
Does heteroskedasticity matter if you have a large enough sample?
significant difference in mineral concentration between chemical analysis and values declared on packaging?
The effect of ommission of relevant variable in the regression model on adjusted $R^2$
How to augment lpsolve R optimization solution to run on a hadoop cluster?
Probability of ongoing experiment
Feature relationship based class separability
Pairwise comparisons by subsetting or by custom contrasts and the differing treatment of *S*
Two easy probability tasks
How important is the correlation coefficient's variance in linear regression?
which model should I use in order to represent stock market price from theoretical perspective?
How to use the chi-squared test to determine if data follow the Poisson distribution
Parametrization of Gamma and Negative Binomial in R
Question about the frequency definition of probability
Why t distribution in confidence level for the mean?
Comparing Bernoulli means across subpopulations in which the number of observed successes may be zero
Help with proof that the expected value of $x_i$ is $\bar{X}$
How to make sense of 6mo worth of weight loss data?
A good source to understand interaction in LMM?
Deviance Residuals
Nonlinear Random Effects Model Specification in R
Difference between Primal, Dual and Kernel Ridge Regression
Does a strong checksum provide reasonable assurance of absolute data integrity?
When including a linear interaction between two continuous predictors, should one generally also include quadratic predictors?
What is a strictly positive distribution?
Can I use a paired-samples t-test when the 2 groups that I compare have different numbers of data points?
competitive mediation explanation
Neural Network Error Plot Odd Effect
Moderation using ANCOVA
Multidimensional Scaling eurodist
Back Transforming Rates in Poisson GLM with Box and Cox Transformation
Pegasos prediction time
Constructing one-ninth fraction of the $3^{5}$ design
Correlational study or ordinal data using 5-point Likert scale
Unsupervised Random Forest using Weka
Bootstrapped t test in SPSS: Why are some p value cells blank?
Building Hedonic model / regression
What could be a statistical test for comparing funnel data before and after important changes?
Using glmer to estimate treatment interactions
Can a narrow confidence interval around a non-significant effect provide evidence for the null?
Forecasting with holiday dummy variables
Chi-square test to see if set of dependent correlations are equal
When to terminate the Bayesian A/B test?
How do I check for variation of a distribution over spatial scales?
Explaining Gaussian Processes
Monte Carlo integration
Comparing groups using SPSS
Gamma Distribution MGF
Simulate the distribution of the median
Is ARIMA model appropriate for this dental research?
What is this kind of graph called? (2D grid with a color-coded scale for a 3rd variable)
Why does sphericity diagnosed by Bartlett's Test mean a PCA is inappropriate?
Intuition For Overlapping Confidence Intervals and Statistical Significance
Formulas for probabilities in Bayes theorem
Cascade Combination of Kernel Functions
Programs and procedure for Blackwood test?
What are the consequences of knowing (or not knowing) the range of possible answers from a test
Record linkage when sources have different fields
What type of graphs can be used to show overlap between many sets?
My fixed effect model and methodology
Power calculation for a test of trend over time
Is visual inspection the only way to compare large datasets?
Clarification in information geometry
Detecting heteroscedasticity - Can I use Breusch-Pagan Test on binary logistic regression?
A tool to analyze multidimensional tabular data
Can I use the chi-squared test of independence with skewed data?
showing a random variable has an exponential distribution
Finding multivariate clusters with survey data (in R)
How to gently introduce epidemiologists/public health coworkers to advanced predictive modeling?
Calculating posterior of difference given posterior of two means
bootstrapping for a parameter estimation
Should statsmodels's GLM produce the same results as R's lm?
Big Data? Have we solved Small Data yet?
How to estimate distribution from DataBase?
The distribution of sample means conditioned on the sample correlation coefficient
Showing an estimator is consistent
Linear regression on grouped data
Compute moment and quantiles of a stream of data
Clustering time series of measurements in R
Nonparametric Time Series Forecasting
Compare distributions with uneven and small sample sizes
Meta-analysis of prevalence at the country level
Weak convergence implies uniform convergence in distribution?
Likert Item, Regression analysis
Intercept term in logistic regression
How do I emphasize a speed increase between two sets of data?
How to calculate p values in logistic regression with gradient descent algorithm
Cluster analysis on related factors
Where do I declare prior parameters in Stan?
Q-Value Less than P-Value
Best statistical test to show significance of two data coming from the same population?
Handwriting Recognition - Percentage Match
Test to compare an effect on a variable on a daily basis
repeated measures design between subjects with non normal and small N
Question about the error term in a simple linear regression
How to modify post-hoc power analysis simulation to perform a-priori power analysis?
Similarity Coefficient and Geochemical Correlation
scikit learn: add lasso or ridge penalty only on subset of parameters
Would there be a model selection problem if we had access to an oracle that gave us the exact generalization error?
Consistency of an order statistic in exponential distribution
Covariance term in simple linear regression
Combine multiple regression equations
MaxDiff Scaling
How does the Bayes' theorem equation generalize all sorts of regression/classification models?
Marginal distribution of a function of order statistics
Is this the correct way to interpret regression coefficients?
What should I call these growth rates?
Test the randomness (uniformly distributed) on a 64 bit float random generator
cluster plot: working and interpretation ?
What's the difference between regression coefficients and partial regression coefficients?
Noncentrality Parameter - what is it, what does it do, what would be a suggested value?
Does the mean and standard deviation need to be reported when writing up the simple effects analysis of a ANOVA interaction?
Determining significance and variance in A B C D testing
How to check if a group is similar to another, in two different classifications
Given two independent normal random variables $X$ and $Y$, what is $P(X\leq x\mid X>Y)$?
Neural net model - error during training
GLM for count data
BRT predictions on zero-inflated gaussian fish abundances include negative results
Can a nuisance multi-class classifier do better than binary classifier?
Why features compression is good?
Not very known but effective data mining algorithms?
Power Calculation - Calculation of Absolute Difference
Entropy estimation for a symbol sequence
What does it mean to explain variance?
Variance inflation factor for generalized additive models
Why does fitdistr does not work with gamma?
Temporal Correlation in R
Choosing the right regression and validating it
Understanding the derivation of a ML-estimator
How to analyse data when it comes from different conditions
Defining PSU in Sampled with Replacement Cluster Samples
Why is the default cost function choice of a neuron quadratic loss?
Which statistics textbooks would explain why linear least squares regression fails when data is heteroskedastic
Explaining a time series - conceptual explanation needed
MPNet output to visualization
If $X$ is normally distributed, can $\log(X)$ also be normally distributed?
Combining models for prediction based on residual performance
Reporting regression statistics after logarithmic transformation
Detecting time-shifted time series
Different non-parametric methods for estimating the probability distribution of data
Root finding for stochastic function
How can I perform a chi-square test to do feature selection in R
Finding the MLE
Uncertainty formula if measured best value is zero
Why can we use entropy to measure the quality of a language model?
Why no mention of penalized regression techniques in Applied Logistic Regression, 3rd edition, by Hosmer, Lemeshow, and Sturdivant?
Learning to write your own estimation algorithms - where to start?
When doing a t-test for the significance of a regression coefficient, why is the degrees of freedom n - predictors - 1?
K-fold cross validation for neural networks: separate validation set also needed?
Floor effects in Bayesian estimate, can I reparameterize?
Matrix decomposition
Random forest on multi-level/hierarchical-structured data
Designing an experiment where participants see all levels of one factor, but not of the other
On mutual correlation of multiple time series
Is it possible to combine bayesian SEM with PLS SEM?
Ridge, lasso and elastic net
Testing contrast between low/high and high/low
Hausman test VS Mundlak model; the choice between fixed and random effects
Sign of coefficient changes when contextual variables are added
Setting up a naiv tensor product B-spline example
Variance Inflation Factor to Address Spatial Grouping with Binary Dependent Variable
How to apply GEE and how to use it for critical mass
Determine the probability density function
odds ratio from decision tree and random forest
Comparing a subset of a population with the entire population?
Is survival analysis suitable for this comparison?
Is it reasonable to make inferences to the population from non-parametric tests?
What to do when I have expected count <5 warning for a chi squared test?
How to implement a hold-out validation in R
Package ‘ﬁtdistrplus’
Beta confidence intervals in transformed linear regression
stick breaking model of Dirichlet process
Test of significance of multiple proportions in two groups
model compare by anova test
Representation of ARMA processes
How to compare Cronbach's alpha when the grouping variable is continuous?
how do normality check in ks test assess for equivalence or difference in data sets?
Link between linear regression and correlation
A new piece of clue for document classification?
Outlier detection in binary classification
Multicollinearity if independent variables sum to one?
Variance-Covariance matrix interpretation
How do we know which variables (X1,X2,....,X6) are affecting the outcomes (y)?
How to compare subjects with different weights?
Covariance and independence for Student-t distribution
In general, would you always prefer feasible GLS to OLS?
Regression - volatility vs return
How to define the maximum k of the kNN classifier?
How to calculate standard errors of a non-linear model prediction?
Pybrain trainer runtime error
Sample variance and error using Monte Carlo
2 birth groups 3 age groups and one variable, what test to use?
Distribution of max of samples with replacement
How to find the probability that a random sample of 10 points out of 52 points of data will have a mean close to the total mean?
Time series analysis: Determine if trend is deterministic fluctuating/stable or stochastic
Error in fitting negative binomial regression model in R when replicating published results (works in Stata)
When are $(X, Y)$ jointly normal given that both $X$ and $Y$ are normal?
Reconcile difference in answers for conditional probability
Non-independence of data in regression model
Pre-stimulus baseline removal in R
Wilcoxon rank sum test methodology
In simple linear regression, why the covariance between y bar and beta1 hat is zero?
Modeling the shape of the power function
Generalization of one-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov test for non identically distributed data?
Evaluating relative importance for a group of independent variables
Obtaining prediction equation from principal components analysis using 1st orthogonal component
Understanding coefficients in summary output of logistic regression in R
Compare averaged GLM with boosted regression trees using cross validation : d2 and RMSE calculation
Could standardizing an independent variable cause the t-statistic of the OLS estimate to change?
Including non-hypothesized interaction terms in moderation analysis
Adding predicted probabilites from logistic regression instead of using cut value
Data mining techniques in R for advertising and sales data
How is this version of the pearson correlation coefficient derived?
Query on DBN Implementation
Statistical method to find capacity limits?
Using different letters to show statistical significance
Which test for this data set of chemical concentrations
Estimating the distribution of a variable
Does the degrees of freedom depend on whether the variable is continous or dummy variable?
Partitioning variance from logistic regression
Convert a numeric variable into categories - median? absolute value?
How can I tell if I my sample size is large enough for reliable feature selection using LASSO regression?
How do I run Ordinal Logistic Regression analysis in R with both numerical / categorical values?
Collecting training data for document classification with unbalanced classes
What are differences between the terms time series analysis and longitudinal data analysis
Homoscedastic and heteroscedastic data and regression models
How to test correlations between ordinal outcomes and various kinds of variables?
can the same item be used in multiple constructs?
Multiple testing problem - can these test results be caused by chance?
Unequal variances t-test or U Mann-Whitney test?
Dealing with Big Data and Lots of Variables
Comparing proportions from the (somewhat) same sample
Addressing Non-response in a Convenience Sample
$\sigma^2 \le (\mu-a)(b-\mu)$ for all probability distributions bounded on $[a,b]$?
Knowing the level of aggregate processes, how to get the levels of constituents?
Standard error of probability estimate
Ignorability in Rubin's theory of missing data mechanisms
Why does using residuals as predictor not alter coefficient?
Determine if many coins are fair
How to test for wide-sense stationarity with only one sample path of the process?
Strange results in Holt forecast
Given 3 discriminant functions I was able to classify 2D patterns, but how do I plot decision boundaries via matplotlib?
Fligner Wolfe test and 2-sample Wilcoxon test
How do we predict rare events?
Testing whether two regression coefficients are significantly different (in R ideally)
SVAR Model with Short run restrictions
Dummies instead of the Chow test
Which test is better suited to compare averaged versus single data sets
Bayes Decision Boundary and classifier
Non parametric Wilcoxon Signed Rank test
Combining two autocorrelation functions measured on same stationary process
Testing equality of coefficients from two different regressions
Meaning of marginal prior distribution
Curvature of a pencil's stroke
Mann-Whitney test
Interpretation of Maximum likelihood estimation
Is it possible prediction of chemical activity with few data?
Leaps() or AIC for model selection
Meta-analysis of RR and OR calculated from 2x2 tables in R using metafor
Why is logistic regression a linear classifier?
Any practical uses of inverse uniform distribution?
Can a Linear-Log model be used instead of Robust Standard Errors?
Retrospective Case Study
Help me calculate how many people will come to my wedding! Can I attribute a percentage to each person and add them?
How to value comparative Likert results
Reading the output from a GLMM run in R
Expected sum of money
plotting part of data using violin plot and the other part as stripchart (stripplot)
Simplified table for computing higher order cumulants
How to get the regression from a plot?
Which steps have to be done before fitting logistic curve to time-series?
Posterior Density in R
Expected mean square of random effect in CRD model
What statistical tests for headache journal?
Piecewise regression
Why feature maps are indexed by two indices?
How should you fit ANOVA and linear regression models, if the equal variance assumption is violated?
Why would I want to use my data this way, and what am I supposed to do with this regression?
What does AR(p) filtered series mean?
Rough estimates for training time of deep belief networks
Observed variables in R's lavaan
Change in output depending on mirt version
Hypothesis testing on Poisson Binomial distribution
If I'm not interested in the interaction, is there any reason to run a Two-Way ANOVA instead of two One-Way ANOVAs?
Existence of co-variables
Finding a statistically different proportion
Is mRMR feature selection sensitive to imbalanced dataset?
How does the interpretation of main effects in a Two-Way ANOVA change depending on whether the interaction effect is significant?
How to perform this ANOVA?
Can I estimate Variance of Gamma from Negative Binomial distribution distributed data, given NB is Gamma-Poisson compound
Combining summary statistics
Treating ordinal variables as continuous for regression problems
Logistic regression when some variables are measured just for a subset of samples
How to present a large dataset of polynomial multivariable regression in a useful format
Why do both the VIF and tolerance statistics exist, when the latter is just the reciprocal of the former?
What does it mean to fit a regression function and then use it to update other functions?
Variance and covariance notation: $\sigma^2 V_1$, $\sigma^2 V_2$
A stochastically increasing exponential family for which $\lim_{\theta\rightarrow\inf\Theta}\mbox{P}_\theta(X\leq x)\neq 1$
What exactly is a higher-order correlation?
Meaning of a neural network as a black-box?
Monte Carlo integration help needed
Fit and predict logistic regression model for censored data?
Strict convexity of Ridge vs Convexity of LASSO
Guide / tutorial for design & analysis of experiments in retail settings
Choosing a regression model based on missing values
Using selected features from a wrapper algorithm to train another model
Paired or unpaired Wilcoxon test?
Understanding factor potentials in PyMC
Using log-linear models for presence/absence data in wildlife
Reporting results of linear mixed-effects model
Augmented Dickey Fuller output conflicting in Stata
Selection of k knots in regression smoothing spline equivalent to k categorical variables?
Conditional Probability equal to zero
Tests needed for repeated measures within groups 2*2 design?
Pearson correlation coefficient test: low r and low p
Trying to use Holt-Winters to fit this data
Unbiased estimate of population standard deviation: is sqrt(2) a superior correction?
Conditional expectation with conditioning on two independent variables
Item reliability or fit in IRT-based adaptive tests?
How to calculate false accept and reject rates in pattern recognition?
F-test formula under robust standard error
Parameter tuning in lars (lasso) matlab
Fit a GARCH (1,1) - model with covariates in R
Repeated measures with single measurements
Importance of multivariate normality assumption for BIC-like sparse model selection inference with PCA
Standardizing count variables in panel data with overdispersion - R or Stata
Expected number of ratio of girls vs boys birth
Gradient decay in neural networks
When an ARMAX model is stationary? Why stationarity or invertibility is needed?
Manually calculated chi-squared statistic differs from that given by chisq.test in R
MATLAB: leave-one-out-cross-validation for PCA
Sum of Bernoulli variables with different success probabilities
Which observation has the largest variance of the residual?
Is it inappropriate to do a One-way independent ANOVA when one of the levels has only one participant?
Are these descriptions of batch gradient descent algorithm conflicting each other?
Bivariate Normal Distribution Mean
Average minimum distance between two random vectors
Identifying distribution of a variable
Why is specifying the distribution of the data different from specifying the data itself?
How can I evaluate the performance of a system that generates word clusters?
Transforming / Evaluating (Probably) Normal Data from Sample with Linear Probability Distribution
When using higher order terms in multivariable regression what is the effect on the P-value
Absolute (i.e., not just relative) probabilities in chi-squared test for proportions
code needed for p values in GLMM
How to examine the change of event sequences
Calculating significance for unequal sample sizes in A/B Testing
How exactly can the Cox-model ignore exact times?
I want to learn about ROC curve -- what is the canonical textbook?
Can mean values be seen as a form of PCA with a LOT of assumptions?
Trying a multivariate analyses on time series (with R)
Multiclass logistic regression update algorithm
Constants in a DLM Model R
Sample size determination contradiction
The effect of oversampling on the positive predictive value
How to extend PDF of normalized sample to original sample?
Multi-class semi-supervised classification code (SVM, co-training, Graph-based)?
aggregating multiple shortest-path networks
Missing observations in a linear mixed model
Statistical significance in time series and sub-series
Testing if code is generating random variables consistent with theory
Cardinal data as dependent variables
Tree structured proportion of success : statistical significance?
Correlated state-space models
Extreme value simulation with Monte Carlo
Expected value of a random variable
Is there an equivalent to Lower bound of Wilson score confidence interval for variables with more outcome
SPSS linear regression - variables that are percentages
How can I determine statistical significance in an A/B test in which the KPI is dependent upon two variables - one bernouli and one continuous?
Is it ok to spit non-normal variables in tertiles and put them into multivariate regression models?
Does using a kernel function make the data linearly separable?
How to convert mean and standard deviation to a single meaningful and quantifiable value?
Bayesian mixture model for univariate continuous random variable
Mode of the difference of two beta distributions
what does the correlation of Random forest regression tool in R represent
Understanding dummy (manual or automated) variable creation in GLM
Why is the sampling distribution of normal distributed variable automatically also normal distributed
Choosing between chi-squared / logistic regression vs difference of mean tests for studying bankruptices
First-differences versus endline analysis with an RCT
How can I improve the predictive power of this logistic regression model?
SVM data normalization... what about classifying new (training) data?
Convert maximization problem to minimization
Balancing gender in an experiment
Standard deviation of the mean?
Inferring parameters for a regression with features of both multivariate probit and ordinal regression?
Calculating probability based on mixed variables
PCA and exploratory Factor analysis on the same data set
How remove variations in a time series X caused by another time series Y?
How to maximize (optimize) a response, given only a dataset of responses and features?
algorithms to pick best collection of classifiers
Instability of one-pass algorithm for correlation coefficient
lme / lmer - split-plot with Non orthogonal subdesign
Why does preponderance of a single outcome render binary logistic regression ineffective?
probit two stage least squares
Robust standard errors for cross-sectional data: what is a large sample size?
Plotting fitted values for an nlme model
Combined hypergeometric distribution of exclusive sets
Poisson distribution confidence interval
Understanding biplot for compositional data
Why do I not get a p-value from this ANOVA in R?
Probability of Two Samples Containing Overlapping Data
How to compare whether the coefficients of two independent variables statistically different from each other?
Do Beta weights from regression have error terms?
How would I find the P-Value of this data?
How to Obtain “Right” Parameters of Multinomial Logit Model (or Other Conditional Models) in R?
Differences in edition of advanced statistics books
Meaning of Qqnorm plot in R
Standard deviation of several measurements with uncertainties
Offset variable in Poisson regression makes model worse
Determining the uncertainty of an exponential fit
Expectation of Truncated & Random Variable
Interaction in Survival analysis
What is the difference between multiple regression & mutivariate regression?
Does Boruta feature selection (in R) take into account the correlation between variables?
What does 'highly non linear' mean?
number of stochastic nodes in bayesian multivariate distribution?
Detecting heterogeneity in groups
Rigorous Bell-CHSH?
Why is the Pearson correlation 1 when only two data values are available?
Statistical Practices Using Sparse Data: Methods for Approximating Standard Deviation
Which error is displayed in an error ellipse?
How can I analyze my incoming email?
Help for planning a neuroscience experiment
How to perform K-medoids when having the distance matrix
Can R substitute PRIMER efficiently and effectively?
Statistics for conditions with different number of levels
Can I write estimate $\pm$ its standard error?
Intelligence Squared Scoring and Winner Determination
Best practices for extrapolating data
What Gaussian process covariance function captures an affine mean?
Comparing Percentages Between 2 Groups When Each Group's Total Percentage Exceeds 100
Causality in microeconometrics versus granger causality in time-series econometrics
Are these events independent?
Can Pearson correlation be used as a measure of fit?
Monte Carlo Integration Interval Probability
Dealing with different time series data in Machine Learning
Fitting data sample to a distribution
Standard deviation of normalized data
Model selection and parameter estimation in forecasting with a Dynamic Linear Model
Is it ok to adjust significance level according to number of comparisons in simple correlations?
Check MCMC stationarity and convergence before or after thinning?
Hammersley–Clifford theorem
How to model a skewed Student's t disribution
AR(1) on autocorrelated data that is not a time-series
Adjusting significance level with for different kinds of tests (chisq, mann whitney etc.) on the same variable
Maximum Likelihood Estimation with Known Parameter Distribution
How can IRT-Models be understood in GLM/ SEM Framework? (Predict Learning with added Paradata-Covariates)
How to measure multichannel distances between event sequences?
Evaluate deviation from negative binomial model
Repeated measures tests without before and after measurements
How to integrate observational errors in goodness of fit tests?
R packages that work with biased samples
What to do with missing values?
What does the | in |Z| mean in mathematical expressions for distribution statistics
MAP Estimator with Laplacian Noise
Correlated Random Effects Probit vs. GEE Population-Averaged Probit
Can a machine learning algorithm be evaluated based on a random sample?
How to properly handle Infs in a statistical function?
How to convert from Mann-Whitney U to Z (or other effect size)?
When to use Bayes' theorem to calculate conditional probability?
Regresssion of Accurate Data
Should I be using a Welch or standard T-test?
Comparing nested, non-linear models
Why we shouldn't be obsessed with unbiasedness
SVM for unbalanced data
How to subset alternatives in nested multinomial logistic regression?
Finding an equation with many variables to fit a set of data
lmer() parametric bootstrap testing for fixed effects
Hierarchical Bayesian modeling of incidence rates
JAGS meta-analysis
Does the estimated overdispersion parameter of Negative Binomial depend on mean
Not sure I understand how R calculates the covariance
Inference with only left-censored data
What is the code for cubic spline regression model in SAS
A case of understanding customer behavior
Finding Percentage Point of a Normal Distribution
How can I interpret the results of LSA?
Continuity correction error when using normal distribution to estimate Poisson distribution
What problems do non-normality in predictor variables cause for a multiple regression analysis?
When to use CDF and PDF for Exponential Distribution
Difference in AIC and BIC values between sem and lavaan packages in R
Using results of regression on raw observation values to approximate results of regression on relative change between observations (Simple, Linear)
Spearman's rank correlation coefficient over population
Reference Request: Generalized Linear Models
Partially orthogonal planned comparisons
Can I test hypothesis based on estimated parameters?
'mean' of logit-normal distribution
How to derive errors in neural network with the backpropagation algorithm?
What criteria are used to compare feature-based classification techniques?
Non-normal observations in regression modelling
Calculating scale mean from item means
Simple definition of elliptical distribution
What is the difference between finite and infinite variance
Building a time series model using more than independent variables
What's the rationale behind the degrees of freedom in Levene's test?
Arellano-Bond estimator in Stata
Testing the quality simple linear regression model
Are Archimedean copulas useless for representing multivariate data?
Decision trees for advertising data
How large does the sample size need for the t distribution to be approximately normal
How do interpret statistically NULL SVM Output
Sum of multiple loaded dice
Using central limit theorem for approximation
Estimation of standard error
How to interpret insignificant categorical variables for logistic regression
Three binomial random variables: test null that no two have equal mean
Why does transformation work?
What are the advantages of kernel PCA over PCA?
PDF of Sum of Two Random Variables
Nested ANOVA: Unequal sample sizes? Variance components?
Correlating two questionnaires with grouped items
Which machine learning method to use for geographic systems prediction?
Intuition behind (statistical) completeness
How to do multivariate machine learning? (predicting multiple dependent variables)
Why is the decision function for probabilistic models a quotient (when we only consider two models)?
Are Restricted Boltzmann Machines better than Stacked Auto encoders and why?
Linear Regression Model with Many Features - Real Life Example
How to graph interaction effects for panel data
How to normalize interaction terms?
Correlation & Regression Prediction
HMM learning from video data?
Decision Tree - Splitting Factor Variables
In simple linear regression, what is the covariance between the error term and the residual?
Difference between Bayes network, neural network, Petri Nets and decision tree
When looking at the association between binary variables, when are odds ratios better than risk ratios and vice-versa?
Validating assumed distributions in parametric models
How to produce the minimum forecast error using R?
Factor analysis with binary variables using Stata 13
Plot Pareto tails in QQ-plot for log-normal distributions
How can we predict random non-balanced events?
Hidden Markov Model: Predict observation sequence from state sequence
Remove effect of a factor on continuous proportion data using regression in R
Trouble fitting a simple linear regression
Understanding stationarity with Inflation
Exponential Distribution PDF: Why multiply by lambda?
Why is optimizing a mixture of Gaussian directly computationally hard?
p-value for weighted Pearson correlation coefficient
Is segmented (piecewise) regression possible with a dichotomous dependent variable?
Calculation of standard variance $s^2$
Nonlinear GMM for Dynamic Panel Data
Plot and interpret ordinal logistic regression
Using Resampling to understand a large table
Best method of statistical analysis for large dataset of different points
Percent error for linear regression model
Computational Complexity of Prediction using SVM and NN?
Forecasting after Box-Cox transformation
Observations with very high or very low residuals in regression
How to test for mediation with a continuous mediator and DV, but a categorical predictor?
Difference between regression methods
Question on Probability
Self-Study question on Normal Distribution
Convergence Rate for Multivariate Kernel Density Estimators
Convergence of multivariate ECDF
Stata's xtlogit (fe, re) equivalent in R?
Efficiency of beta estimates with heteroscedasticity
How to transform negative data to be homoscedastic
SAS profile-likelihood confidence intervals and p-values - why is there a discrepancy?
Learning to Rank: query-dependent vs. query-independent features
ANCOVA with Day number of my study as covariate
What exactly does the 'boxcox' function in R do?
Confidence Interval for Inverse Gamma Distribution
Is there an efficient way to discriminate space based on K-Means results?
Optimizing through a Transition matrix, in a non-stepwise manner
IQR for Normal Probability Distribution
Newton's algorithm for a Minimax Procedure
Exponential Distribution Expected Value
How to obtain predicted values from a gamm() using averaged coefficients (MuMIn)?
How to explain control variables and interaction effects
Tail dependence and copulas
Appropriate Test? Is there a t-test for ratios when large number of data points and multiple runs?
Ranking of causal models
How to deal with curvature in residuals plot
How to interpret the expression of MA(1) as AR($\infty$)
Measure of intermittency/continuousness of a signal
Prove that this exponential kernel is positive definite
GEE iteration process
Joint prior distributions in WinBUGS
Sampling data to have specific mean and standard deviation
Naming of dependent and independent variables in simple linear regression
Inconsistency in output from my implementation of noncentral t CDF and R's pt()
Using non-stationary time series data in OLS regression
median(a)/median(b) not equal median(a/b)
Appropriate homogeneity test for meta-analysis
Ljung–Box test for a multivariate time series?
How to predict cumulative hazard in survival analysis?
Plot graph with more than one value on x and y-axis in R
Signs on logistic regression betas flip relative to observed - expected counts from chi-squared test
Interpreting regression coefficients of log(y+1) transformed responses
Why does non-normally distributed errors compromise the validity of our significance statements?
Quantifying applicability domain for predictive models?
When to divide data into training & test set in logistic regression?
Multivariant time series in R. How to find lagged correlation and build model for forecasting
Interpretation of GEE coefficients
why minimize loss function instead of maximizing reward function?
Estimating an overall summary statistic (mean) for a value reported by ten published studies
Gibbs sampling for Ising model
Taylor approximation to penalty function
Simulating a bimodal biased IV estimator
Does the actual coverage of a 95% CI on $R^2$ get closer to nominal coverage with larger sample size?
Interpreting coefficients of Regression Model (Mincer Model)
Forecast using multivariate multiple linear regression using R for multiple dependent variables
Optimum value of minlev in function combine.levels
Poisson distribution with exact value of x and mean is a larger number
Standard deviation of a sample when you know the average
Compare two samples
Methods for analysing effects of percentage mortality on population data with zero/low abundances
Factors with only two variables in factor analysis
Model selection and cross validation?
Probability spread over number of days with finite wins
composite scale to measure child-parent relationship
Kruskal-Wallis Test and Mann-Whitney U Test
How to estimate confidence level for SVM or Random Forest?
Univariate priors for the parameters of a Beta distribution
Calculating a Constrained Mean
Markov Transition Probabilities
What is the correct way of generating a p-value for a correlation with resampling?
What is MA(q) model input in real world?
Remove outliers and calculate average
What is the posterior probability of the data given the model used for model averaging with Bayesian Logistic Regression?
Functions of Independent Random Variables
Theoretical Justification for Cross Validation
Poisson process and uniform distribution
Variance-covariance matrix of survival model
Repeated measures mixed model using lmer in R
Is it necessary to sample a raster for spatial regression?
What is the relationship between the GINI score and the log-likelihood ratio
P value for interaction term in mixed effects models using lme4
Incorporating interval-censored event times into standard survival models
Expected number of trials before k successes where multiple successes can occur at each trial
Item-based collaborative filtering – Can you add demographic information to initial user×item matrix?
Bayes in English
Generate two sequences that have a pre-specified rank correlation
how to represent geography or zip code in machine learning model or recommender system?
Regression of family of marginal density functions
Course of Action for 2x2 tables with 0's in cell and low cell counts
use spss to analyse a cluster randomized data
Robust regression - a better understanding
Regression Discontinuity Group Level Program Evaluation
Hyper-prior for negative binomial in hierarchical model using JAGS/BUGS
Uniform sampling of a set of weighted samples
How to calculate the confidence interval for a combination of a proportion and continuous data
Inspecting mechanism for missing values in categorical data without prior knowledge
Beta function approximation of delta function
How to extract dependence on a single variable when independent variables are correlated?
What quantifies a stable parameter?
Why linear transformation can improve classification accuracy when the dimensionality of data is high?
how to transform data of two experimental groups? one is positively skewed and one is negatively..
Is the exact value of a 'p-value' meaningless?
Which Non-parametric test to use with two Ordinal sets of data
Converting log odds coefficients to probabilities
Digging deeper into the FitDist function
The sum of two symmetric random variables is symmetric
Five-number summary and mean
How to test for serial correlation with pooled OLS, FE an RE?
Is it valid to use Hartigans' dip test to reject uni-modal null hypothesis with large N?
Why do these statements not follow logically from a 95% CI for the mean?
Does it make sense to impute year of birth?
prediction from incomplete observations
How does Factor analysis explain the covariance and PCA explains the variance?
Regression when dependent variable is the difference betwen two proportions
Mean ranks and standard errors of Kruskal-Wallis test
Is Big Data the end of Statistics?
How to get the overall effect for linear mixed model in lme4 in r?
How to estimate confidence level for SVM or Random Forest?
Efficient evaluation of multidimensional kernel density estimate
What do I do with zero columns in a tensor.prod.model.matrix?
Distribution of MLE of $N$ based on a random sample of size n from discrete uniform dist.(1,2,...,$N$)
How important is it to include a hypothesis for a report?
Scatter plot in R with non numeric data
Imputation before or after splitting into train and test?
Is there an R function to do a survival analysis with right censoring + nested + crossed factors
Multiple regression in directional / circular statistics?
Visualizing Mutual Information Against TF-IDF for Text Corpus Data
Power calculation of study using 2 sample z-test
Is there a measure of covariance for larger dimensions?
R: result of Levene test correct?
Tolerance for pseudoinverse
Increasing power of test by transforming format of data - is this cheating?
Is my dataset suitable for a mixed effects model?
statistical comparison of power spectrums over all frequencies
Residual plot for regression tree: What should it look like?
simulate dirichlet process in R
Self Study on Simple Linear Regression (Not So Simple Afterall)
Two sample tests on quantities with restricted domains
In the output of lsmeans, is “estimate” is effect size of that contrast?
Training a Hidden Markov Model, multiple training instances
How can we evaluate the predicted values using Scikit-Learn
What kinds of features are worth taking from objects on images?
How do multi-attribute edge-weights influence community detection?
Is a p-value a sample statistic, or a population parameter, or neither?
Understanding the Meta-analysis Model output in layman terms
Criteria for model selection for nested models fitted on nested data?
Why isn't there random effect?
Can something show bias but not be significant?
Parallel logistic regression
How can I interpret Sklearn confusion matrix
Improve classification with many categorical variables
If $Z_i =\min \{k_i, X_i\}$, $X_i \sim U[a_i, b_i]$, what is the distribution of $\sum_iZ_i$?
How do I use math to predict the next number in the series?
Fitting moments to a distribution
Propagation of Poisson Confidence Intervals
How does my questionnaire analysis plan sound?
Multcomp glht function default
Logistic regression vs. LDA as two-class classifiers
Logistic regression: maximum likelihood vs misclassification
Linear Mixed Model: Specification of matrices
Toastmasters speech slot availability: what to measure?
Mode of Joint Posterior - Maximization Problems
continuous vs categorical logistic regression for marks and admission
Bayesian Networks and discretization of variables using K-means clustering
How to test for a critical mass - dummy variables?
Knowledge based annotation vs. Corpus based annotation
Mixing dichotomous and polytomous items in one test
Problems with the sample (unkown population)
Problem with estimating probability using the multivariate Gaussian
How to obtain solution of differential equation in this simple linear birth-death process?
Combining confidence intervals for a particular equation
Linear Regression: Finding t and p-value
SVM v/s logistic regression
How to fit a random effect for only a subset of the observations (using R)
What is the best way to analyze additional attributes in a market basket analysis?
Fractional factorial design. only main effects considered
Self Study question on Conditional Probability
Question on Probability & Distribution
100mn rows of events with 30 or so attributes, want to understand what affects one particular attribute - how? which software?
Probability Distribution - which to use Normal or Hypergeometric
How to interpret this residuals vs fitted plot for logistic regression using R
Evolution of slopes over time
Should there be an i in a regression equation?
interaction terms in logistic regression
What is the current research on missing not at random data?
NA or noResponse in categorical variables
what test for analysing level of agreement of users perception on species population trends from ordinal categorical data
Prediction method where predictors and response variable are binary
About logistic regression in R
Ridge regression – Bayesian interpretation
Is centering a valid solution for multicollinearity?
Conversion to Standard Normal with Probability
Question on Exponential Distribution
Covariance between OLS estimates in a non-standard linear model
Robust OLS verus ML with sandwich estimator
Moving average for continuous functions
Deep belief networks or Deep Boltzmann Machines?
Hidden state models vs. stateless models for time series regression
Regression: finding p-value and F
How to best display results from a factorial design?
Lme4 Error Help: maxstephalfit...pwrssUpdate
Log-scaled chart for visualizing extreme range
Evaluating accuracy of binary logistic regression on skewed data
Cross-validation for Comparing Clustering Techniques
Differences between Multilevel-SEM and PLS-SEM
Obtaining $p$-values for UMP $t$ tests for equivalence
Normal Distribution CLT Question
How to calculate advertising copy wearout using kalman filter in R
problem when using ratio of two poisson distributed varialbes?
How to test which data match model at best
What do these residual patterns tell me?
Guideline to select the hyperparameters in Deep Learning
What effect does data averaging have on the variogram?
Are slopes of calibration experiment different?
Nonlinear model wirh effects over linear term
Combining class label observations
Significance of overlap between multiple lists
p-value and the base rate fallacy
Self-study question on Confidence Interval
How scientifically handle outliers fairly?
For the model $Y = α + βx + \epsilon$, estimate mean and predicted value of Y when $x = x_0$
What is this kind of tabular relation diagram called?
$X\sim\mathcal N(0, 25)$; $Y=1$ or $-1$ with probability $1/2$ each. Define $S = XY + \frac{X}Y $ and find its distribution
Removing structure with a known functional form from the covariance matrix
Testing if two non-normal distributions are significantly different (K-S or Wilcoxon or both?)
Drawing a conclusion from data without a correlation to other supporting data
Estimation of parameter when having two sources of errors
Monte Carlo for DOE Power Calculation When Performance is Unknown
$\phi$-divergence?
normalization in max-sum algorithm (loopy belief propagation)
Comparison of multiple diagnostic tests with paired data
Which metric should I trust to evaluate my predictive model
Logistic vs. OLS
Seeding problem for a 3-way bracket
Regression analysis for multiple related outcomes
Predictive model for heavy tailed distribution
If $X$ is lognormally distributed, what is the distribution of $1 / (1 + X)$?
Is extra sum of squares $SSR(X_p|X_1,...X_{p-1})$ in multiple regression always positive?
Is it possible that the interaction effect is significant while the individual effect(s) is not?
Which regression to use for ordinal variables?
Forecasting call volumes over short intervals using R
How to conduct am A/B test for a feature which cannot be accessed by every visitor?
Feature Selection
Finding similarity between the objects ( Actually how to justify the similarity of objects in mathematics form )
Radial visualization for Probability Density Functions
How to check out an appropriate survival model?
step by step analysis for GDP forecast with PLS and SAS
Count data model validation
Kolmogorov-Smirnov test - reliability
You observe k heads out of n tosses. Is the coin fair?
understanding of effect of $\alpha$ in Dirichlet distribution
Doing comparisons from two null distributions
Are there useful distributions for ternary variables (e.g. $-1,0,1$ data)?
Using copulas to sample a probability distribution
How to put variables related by an IF condition in a model
Model fitting to data by using machine learning algorithms?
Intuitive explanation of differences between TOST and UMP tests for equivalence
Leave One Out Cross Validation
Why is variability measured relative to a point?
How to compare two sides of patients with multiple measures per patient?
Density on $\mathbb{R}^{n}$.
Convergence in distribution results not deriving from central limit theorem?
Are we correctly choosing our sample size?
Discriminative vs. Generative Models
How to calculate the number of samples necessary to represent a population distribution?
Exponential distribution probability
Compairing 2 ideas - multiple dependent variables
Clustering hetrogeneous data types: ordinal, interval
Two envelope problem revisited
What is the appropriate method to compare two means if data is nonnormal, sample size is different and variance seems equivalent?
arima.errors() shows different errors on same model when using arima() and Arima()
When is a ARMA(p,q) process ergodic?
Mixing distributions to model parameter errors in Poisson
svm classification visualization
Log-Likelihood Ratio Test: Difference of Equations
How to test if counts differ across temporal categories?
Comparing two distributions with different biased sampling criteria
Poisson random variable- variance
Covariance help
Does augmented Dicky-Fuller test test complex unit roots?
can an ARMA process with complex unit roots be made stationary by differencing?
Identifying patterns in data streams with minimal state
How to fit a cumulative distribution over two proportions at different values
How to calculate advertising copy wearout using kalman filter?
Estimation issues for OLS with bounded response variable
Fit a moving average (MA) time series model to the data (R:stats::ar equivalent)
Required number of simulations for Monte Carlo analysis
How to check goodness of fit for a graded response model in R
Anderson-Darling test - what is adjustment good for
Is there an advantage to squaring dissimilarities when using Ward clustering?
How to determine the thresholds in oredered logistic regression
How to split the dataset for cross validation, learning curve, and final evaluation?
Calculate Best Content from Rating and Downloads
characteristic roots of AR(p)
Principal component analysis and variance normalization
Why do I get difference results when using pooled ols and random effects model?
How to run two motion plots together in R?
What is a good oob score for random forests?
condition for a ARMA process to be wide-sense stationary
How should I construct a prior distribution with a particular kind of count data
Is adding a function of time to a ARMA model still a linear time series model?
Combining apples and pears to form a single comparator
Missing Values NAs in the Test Data When using predict.lm in R
Effective sample size of weighted regression
How does the sim() function in the arm package determine non-informative priors?
Gini decrease and Gini impurity of children nodes
How to interpret dendrogram height for clustering by correlation
UMP of Folded Normal, Finding the Critical Value
Help analysing a 4-way mixed ANOVA
Prove that serial correlation in error terms makes $X_t e_t$ a non-MDS
How to compute Chebyshev bounds on probabilities: one- or two-sided inequality?
Chi-square on a categorical variables (derived from continuous distribution)
Proportions (compositions) in logistic regression
Least Squares Fits to Experimental Data
Distribution of distance from center of sample group
Why Baum-Welch algorithm is an instantiation of EM algorithm?
PCA: 91% of explained variance on one principal component
Comparison of two populations by analyzing the dependence of a single dependent variable on several independent ones
If you know a factor is significant, what is a reason why R might think it's not?
Interpreting logistic regression coefficients with a regularization term
Modeling a time series using various approaches (including auto.arima() in package forecast)
Negative binomial distribution fit
Website (A/B or Multivariate) testing, Statistical significance not lining up with sample size
Trying to use Holt-Winters and SARIMA to fit this data
BUGS/JAGS for Nominal Response Model
Is a GARCH process serial-uncorrelated?
How to interpret coefficents from a polynomial model fit?
A generalization of the Law of Iterated Expectations
How to check for independence within a sample
Predicting user interaction with interface
Model validation for multilevel logistic regrssion?
Hypothesis test for Bernoulli
Example of invariance of Wald Test
How to compare two samples without knowledge of the distribution
Confidence Interval for predictions for Poisson regression
Can anyone clarify the concept of a sum of random variables
How fitting a mixture distribution of noncentral Student t components to a one-dimensional sample in R?
Power Analysis: Comparing GLM to binomial proportion test
Is common factor analysis ever performed using the covariance matrix?
Generalized Linear Model instead of log transformation
using t-test to compare multiple slopes?
difference between hierarchical dirichlet process and nested dirichlet process
Regression with correlation structure
Random Forest and Factor Predictors
oversampling glm in R: how to define `weights`
When is OLS estimation bias due to endogeneity negligible?
Zero-inflation on steroids: choose among Poisson, negative binomial and zero-inflated regressions
Determine if a % Change occurred
Is there an analytic formula for the kurtosis of a (student t) mixture distribution?
Basic question about the filtration in the martingale formed by sum of iid random variables
Joint Confidence Interval
How do decision tree learning algorithms deal with missing values (under the hood)
Final Model Prediction using K-Fold Cross-Validation and Machine Learning Methods
Forecasting Hourly Time Series based on previous weeks and same period in previous year/s
Observational study with many data Vs. Experimental study with fewer data: Which has more value?
What is an indicator in statistics and why is it used to refine models?
What are the most effective R packages for classification problems?
Difference between hazard function and intensity function?
Interpreting residual deviance
What clustering algorithm can be used with a distance matrix and without feaures?
Regression - How do I know if my residuals are normally distributed?
If log X - log Y - log Z is distributed normally, then how is X / (Y * Z) distributed?
rigorous proof of a statement in Elements of Statistical Learning
Normal distribution is better than Poisson for large sample set?
How do I specify a loss matrix in rpart?
Discrete features are less important
Monte Carlo integration aim for maximum variance
Are these MLE estimates biased?
Bayes theorem an experiment design
High p-values in Probit model
Given the density of X and a sample size of 4 with yielded observations 1, 2.5, 3.5, 4 calculate the maximum likelihood estimator
Constructing a pivot-based confidence interval
Upper Bound of Measured Data
How to control for type-1-error inflation with multiple chi-squared tests?
Confused about why we would use expected value instead of MLE when estimating some parameter
Regression and link function
When to scale/normalize for supervised learning algorithms?
Why doesn't correlation of residuals matter when testing for normality?
Bootstrapping in Bayesian Statistics
Monte Carlo Simulation...?
Calculating CIs for $\eta^2$ via Z scores - sample size?
Importance Sampling Simulation
When to remove/replace outliers for different types of analysis
Too many dummy variables
Thesaurus for statistics and machine learning terms
Poisson arrival
How can cost decrease by more than 100 percentage points?
Standardizing data with categorical and quantitative data
Can Poisson regression be run with a small sample?
What is this distribution?
How do I correct for gender bias for Bayesian credible intervals?
Theil-Sen estimation
Why do ANOVA contrast tests use N - k degrees of freedom?
Proof that the weighted sum of $n$ PDFs is a valid PDF
Is it true that if $ \epsilon_t \sim^{iid} (0,1) $, then $ E(\epsilon_t^{2}\epsilon_{t-j}^{2}) = 1 $?
Hypothesis test and Neyman-Pearson framework
How to test for significance if the variances are different?
Find posterior distribution
Model parameters, statistical significance and errors
Neural Network: What if there are multiple right answers for a given set of inputs?
Evaluation measures of overlapping clustering
What ANOVA non-superiority test corresponds to an omnibus set of TOST equivalence tests?
Decomposing total sum of squares
Understanding R output in Logistic Regression
Missing data - best way to resolve?
Linear regression with upper and/or lower limits in R?
Understanding the minimization of mean squared error function
Treatment Effect Bounds
Comparison of close data sets
Problem with Kullback–Leibler divergence criteria
Prediction of continuous variable using bnlearn package in R
Methods for testing a Bayesian method's software implementation
Question on Portfolio Risk & Covariance
Self-study question on T-Distribution
Randomly select one data entry for the morning and one for the evening for each day in R
Psychology / heuristics of $\Pr(A)\le \Pr(B)$ when $A$ is a subset of $B$
Coding Categorical Variables
Loess through quantiles
Box-Muller algorithm and Monte Carlo Integration
Probability of getting a specific straight in poker (texas hold'em)
Confidence interval of a half-circular parameter
Correct approach using t-test and Wilcoxon rank sum test?
How to interpret p value of regression coefficient which is nearly 0?
required: good and straightforward method to detect change points in dependent univariate time series using r
Self study question on Confidence Interval
Predicting likelihood of attending next event
logistic regression model for process with memory
AICc results in R
Literature on IV quantile regression
Does a Neural Network actually need an activation function or is that just for Back Propagation?
Data overlapping
Should the mean be used when data are skewed?
Seemingly unrelated regression and OLS
Can I have an Interaction term with ordinal variables in a multiple regression model?
Partial correlation - scales?
What test should I use to see correlations between overlapping groups and a score?
Tests of within subjects contrasts in R
Panel Cointegration, Moderating Effects and Multicollinearity
What does (SAS) Enterprise Miner's Bucket Transformation do?
How to calculate time series seasonality index in R?
Testing for paired subjects AND two timepoints
Meaning of R-Square in this Context
Conditional density and variance of Nadaraya-Watson model
Model multivariate time series with copula - concepts
Sphericity assumption in multivariate approach
Multistage sampling for Population Median
What are problems of many hidden layers?
Logistic Regression: Interpreting Continuous Variables
Significance of $R^2$
Cross-sectional panel data and a fixed effects model
Transform odds ration (OR) in the context of multivariate meta-analysis in R (metafor package)
Prewhitening time series: ARIMA-modelling versus polynomial trendelimination
How to interpet residual plot?
In ANOVA, why are $\text{MS}_\text{between}$ and $\text{MS}_\text{within}$ defined by divisions by k-1 and N-k?
How to specify a Bayesian binomial model with shrinkage to the population?
Understanding the output of SVD when used for principal components analysis
Is it possible to get a negative F-statistic (e.g. in ANOVA)?
Decompose a sum of Gaussian curves
Panel regressions with an interaction term between a time dummy variable and a time invariant variable
When to use F-Test versus Chi-Square Test in Analysis of Deviance
Effect of high number of support vectors
Proportionality of significance and effect size
resettest in lmtest: unexpected behavior on perfect fit
Ok to use different levels of aggregation for different prediction periods?
Correct expression of confidence level
Can someone explain the concept of nontrivial joint sufficient statistic for a pair of parameters?
How to bin a quantitative covariate for multiple regression?
Bayesian approach to testing an unfair die
.999 signifiance query
Should sampling happen with or without replacement
Motivations for Shi-Malik Algorithm
Recognize outliers in a set as data collected
multicollinearity in OLS regression
Significance test for the difference of two correlation coefficients
How to assess skewness from a boxplot?
What is a second order prior?
Trend in residuals vs dependent - but not in residuals vs fitted
Modeling empirical probability densities
Variable transformation in a ANOVA and multivariate analyses
How to create a model with dummy coding to put into log regression
What to do when exploratory factor analysis results are different for complete-cases and imputed data?
Unkown 6-sided dice. After 600 rolls frequency for all sides exactly equal. What is the chance, that rolling 6 with this dice has frequency > 1/6?
Probability of winning given competitor pair analysis
How to remove non-significant interaction(s) from meta-regression (rma) model
What is a fuzzy neuron?
product of normal and lognormal variates
what if the residual series from arima() not looks normal?
Interactions between random effects
Derivation of uncertainty propogation?
Needing help in order to infer the statistical hypothesis tests performed in an old paper
Split testing significance with continuous measures
Fit distributions with glm
Does a statistically significant difference necessarily imply that prediction (via cross-validation) is possible?
Machine Learning Algorithm Confusion
Survival analysis where covariates are unavailable for censored data
validity of regression assumptions on residual plot
How to create a weekly alert system that works for different sample sizes?
Selecting features manually and proving the rest are redundant
Test of whole distribution for two samples
Meaning of Bagged Random Forests?
Way of measuring students' performance
Comparing two distributions in Fourier space
Origin of the finite population correction (FPC) factor?
Why has the result of Fisher's method such a high significance with insignificant input?
How do I write the mathematical equation for ARIMA(0,0,5)(1,0,1) period 12?
Measurment error for two variables
Using grouped variables in regression
can I adjust some confounding factors for a uncontrolled prospective observational study?
Computing composite score from variables that do not follow a likert scale
Using multiple linear regression to distinguish two datasets
Comparing the difference in change in repeated measures ordinal variables between two groups
Why does Poisson GLM fit better to non-integer data?
Probability of Confidence Interval Missing: Why Non-smooth w.r.t. Theta?
Can someone give a clear-cut idea of $E(X|X<Y)$?
Statistical test for a class versus multiple classes
Is a Chi-squared test sufficient to tell me if my process change was good enough?
Place of 'Number of Factors' determination in EFA Decision Sequence
How is LSD an incomplete three-way layout?
Is $Max${$F(X),G(Y)$} necessarily a distribution function?
Kernel density estimator function explanation needed
To find variance and covariance for a double sampling problem
What criteria must be met in order to conclude a 'ceiling effect' is occurring?
Why does a kernel density estimate of a normally distributed vector have a non-smooth second derivative?
What is the advantage of clustering (multilevel sample)?
Power when using binomial data versus continuous data
When/why does the central tendency of a resampling simulation markedly differ from the observed value?
What is the .632+ rule in bootstrapping?
Missing data due to absent parent
How to calculate a maximum standard deviation?
Building a ML ordered logit regression model
I want to estimate the mean of a variable. I would like to reduce the SE by controlling for the noise introduced by another second variable
Are studentized deleted residuals a form of k-fold cross validation when K=N?
Automatically fitting a mixture distribution with two univariate scaled noncentral student's t components
R: Post hoc tests in ANCOVA with factorial design
Why is it necessary to use ML estimation instead of REML to compare multilevel linear models?
What's the practical difference between the Johansen vs Engle-Granger tests for cointegration?
Logistic regression and discrepant sample sizes between 0/1 groups
Small sample, many observations. Is the sample large enough?
Statistical paired test for relative change
Hypothesis testing for non-linearity
Random Card Selection Algorithm Comparison
PCA: When using eigendecompostion instead of single value decompostion
Time series prediction model
Reject if p-value = alpha?
How to convert 3 factor variables to fewer variables for gls() in R
Forecast accuracy – can we use correlation and $t$-tests?
Data Fusion/Statistical Matching: Match Keys & Algorithms?
How to build dependency on neighboring events into predictive models?
Independence of a linear and a quadratic form
Might the Nyquist theorem point toward an answer for the number of bootstrap samples required?
Testing between two competing linear models with different lagged independent variables
Modelling the tail only
What makes an econometric model robust?
Excel T-Test “Set X is better than Set Y by ___%”
Gaussian Process for Closed Curves
PDF for net displacement of bivariate normal X and Y
P(no collision) with Poisson arrivals and exponential packet length
What does the regression model look like if the predictors are categorical?
Estimating total variation distance from a given distribution
Increasing the accuracy of tbats() forecasts by factoring for correlations between different time-series?
Interpreting varImp using a GLMNET model on a 3-level factor
EM algorithm decreases!
Feature extraction for customer churn data
Specific variance covariance structure in lmer
Help needed with wording: significant effect size but overlapping CIs
Should I use missing data imputation with a model that already allows incomplete data?
How to calculate output of this neural network?
Price levels and inflation in regressions
A simple application of conditional probability
Why use the parametric bootstrap?
How strong (if any) is the correlation in this graph (prt sc from a lecture slide)
How to conduct the Lluís Carrion-i-Silvestre et al. (2005) LM Unit Test and the non-linear ADF in Stata?
Samplesize / Estimate effect
Effect found for 2*2 ANOVA (univariate) but not for Repeated Measures ANOVA?
History of Mendeleev periodic table of elements as a data visualization
Creating a model for classifying behavior
Correlation between two repeated measurements with several measurements at each repeat
Comparing two distributions
One class classifier Cross validation
Random multinomial sample, with some restrictions
Is ARMA(0,0) equivalent to white noise?
Non-omnibus ANOVA test
GARCH-M(1,1) where ARMA(0,0) is removed in R
How to choose the right number of parameters in Logistic Regression?
Book on interpreting plots in regression analysis
Distribution for time between arrivals at the same location by the same entity
Hypothesis Testing with Spatial Data
Interpreting LASSO tables in SAS
Feature selection for classifier
How to interpret parameters in GLM with family=Gamma
How do I fit a set of data to Burr Distribution in R?
Compare Log-Normal Distributions
Inconsistency in Two stage Maximum Likelihood Estimation
p-value zero in hypothesis testing for survival curves
How to predict when the next failure of a machine will be
Machine learning classifiers big-O or complexity
Frequency weights, rare events and logistic regression
What does the Reward function depend on in a Markov Decision Processes (MDPs), in the context of Reinforcement Learning?
Is the policy function $\pi$ in Reinforcement learning a random variable?
PyMC: how can I use a custom sampler for one specific variable in a model?
How to Interpret GAM P-Values?
Testing if two models have a significant different forecast (error)
What are alternatives of Gradient Descent?
Heteroskedasticity removed through fixed effect estimation?
False discovery rate of multiple regressions models
How to determine the confidence interval or significance of a covariance estimate
Non-orthogonal technique analogous to PCA
Test overfitting of logistic regression with limited volume
Orthogonal series density estimation
Building the connection between cosine similarity and correlation in R
Using similarity matrix to measure diversity of a group
Tobit-like model for dependent variable with upper limits
Custom Testings Results Dashboard
How robust is estimation using sum of powers?
Is the following procedure to measure the quality of an imputation ok?
Regression analysis of different ranges in percent?
Why does policy iteration algorithm converge to optimal value? (reinforcement learning)
How is the Spearman-Brown prophecy formula affected by questions of differing difficulties?
Confidence interval for probability equal to 0
Clustering using longitude, latitude, and some other variable
Estimate normal distribution mean given standard deviation and samples
Estimating the size of an intersection of multiple sets by using a sample of one set
Practically speaking, how do people handle ANOVA when the data doesn't quite meet assumptions?
Model fit is High but Ramsey RESET Test suggests omitted variables. What to do?
Weighted sum of Dirichlets is Dirichlet
Comparing results from linear quantile regression with mean regression
Should I bootstrap at the cluster level or the individual level?
Bootstrapped optimism with low prevalence
How to minimize SSE with given slope of 1?
Does it make sense for p-value to decrease with more data points?
The Future of Statistics
Are sampling weights needed?
Testing for membership in a distribution with one single value
What is a good way to implement inverted LRT confidence interval?
Statistical method for modelling of disease incidence for NGO
How to find the inflection point in logistic regression using R?
How are standard errors affected in a multivariate regression?
Correlated predictors in linear model: where does shared variance go?
Excel CHISQ.TEST
Variance of $X_i / \sum\limits_{j=1}^n X_j$
Statistical technique to assess nutrition
r - pick 10 random numbers from standard normal distribution whose sum equals 5
OLS results dependent on scaling of independent variable
Calendar Visualization
How does including lags imply losing observations
What if probabilities are not equal in the .632 Rule?
Is multilevel modelling simpler, more practical, or more convenient using Bayesian methods or frequentist methods?
Covariance of ARMA(2,1) series
Observer agreement with Cohen's Kappa - is there a way to combine ratings to investigate if one rating impacts the other
Can I trust a model if I do not check the prediction error?
New Systematic Quantile Normalization
Stepwise regression in R with both direction
Stepwise regression in R – Critical p-value
how is the best split at node determined in matlab RF package?
How to test the robustness and the performance of a novel classification algorithm
Is there a theorem that says that $\sqrt{n}\frac{\bar{X} - \mu}{S}$ converges in distribution to a normal as $n$ goes to infinity?
Bias Variance Decomposition for Mean Absolute Error
What are good resources for discussing solutions to Introduction to Statistical Learning in R?
How to estimate unknown parameter via maximum likelihood?
What does this residuals versus fitted plot mean about my model?
Vapniks proof of the basic lemma
Calculating variance for microarray data?
Practical meaning of expected value, standard deviation & correlation
Face Recognition approach DCT features
EM algorithm Practice Problem
Why does repeated-measures ANOVA assume sphericity?
Need help on Cramér-Chernoff method in concentration inequalities
Decision function problem based on the logistic function
Finding the distribution of $5X_{1}^2+2X_{1}X_{2}+X_{2}^2$
Why do ANOVAs and GLM (negative binomial model) give different results for interaction effects?
Is this identifiable?
KL divergence between an uninformative (?) Gaussian and a Gaussian
How can I improve the accuracy of my logistic regression code, which tests the accuracy using the 10-fold cross-validation technique?
How can I continue training a neural net in R?
How to mathematically prove that we are sampling from same distributions?
Estimating Failure Rate from Observed Data
Find the distribution parameters
Corrected multiple comparison: is the preceeding ANOVA necessary at all?
Can I average samples in nested factor within-subject design if samples are from the same condition?
Formula to calculate beta matrix in multivariate analysis
Why is this distribution uniform?
Dealing with missing data - glmer in lme4 package
Least squares with multiple constraints
Random Intercept model vs. GEE
Confused about sensitivity, specificity and area under ROC curve (AUC)
Power analysis for post hoc test of ANOVA with many groups
Why do I get very different results estimating GARCH-M model in EViews and R (rugarch)?
How to interpolate independent variable over five-year period?
Maximization of Log-likelihood Numerically and Local Maximum Problem
Relation of Mahalanobis Distance to Log Likelihood
Maximum likelihood estimation and density estimation
Evaluating matrix factorization algorithms for Netflix
Interval censoring
How to fit a TAR-GARCH model in R
Probability distribution of functions of random variables?
How can multiple regression be performed as a sequence of univariate regressions?
Statistical test to compare precision of two devices
Intuition behind the Calinski-Harabasz Index
Feasible Generalized Least Square in R
Analyzing pre/post program retail market data
Parameter region for existence of solutions of equation
Clustering on structural variables?
How to determine exact point of tangency?
Mediation on an interaction with dichotmous mediator
Why is compound symmetry sufficient to establish sphericity?
Family vs. class of distributions - definitions
DNA: The number of 'AAAAA'-s in a randomly generated DNA sequence that's 1000 base pairs long
Plotting an interaction between a continuous IV and DV and an ordinal covariate, can I use a bar chart?
What can be learnt from the sampling distribution of posterior probabilities?
What does likelihood is only defined up to a multiplicative constant of proportionality mean in practice?
Selection correction variable (non-randomly selected sample / bias) and Cox regression
In a matched case-control study, what do I use for hypothesis testing in the descriptive statistics or the univariate associations?
What is the unique thing about super-population for a meta-analysis?
Cumulative probability of 2 independant events
Consequences of non normal-distribution multiple regression
Check if sample is representative of a larger sample
PC Transformation for multinormal
Is there a simple equivalence test version of the Kolmogorov–Smirnov test?
Regression model selection when there are more variables than cases
How to calculate 'weighted' pooled/composite statistics for two given groups given group statistics
Pre-post treatment design: accounting for reduced effect of treatment in baseline high scorers
Are samples from sliding windows independent samples?
The differences between models via their resampling distributions.
What is v-fold cross validation?
Does sphericity require the covariances between difference scores to be the same?
Evaluating relative accuracy/error for continuous value prediction (and assessing relative average difference/error)
Suitable regression model for limited, discrete dependent variable
How do you explain dimension-reduction with statistics?
How to calculate overlap between empirical probability densities?
Logistic regression with an independent variable that only applies to a subset
Adding time variable?
How did Karl Pearson come up with the chi-squared statistic?
Difference of two independent gamma distribution
Given the distribution of a variable X, what is the distribution of f(X)?
variational bayes vs expectation propagation
How to decompose the probability of sum of a series random variables？
What is a good probability model of the distribution of frequencies as represented by western sheet music?
How to decide the parent distribution of a sample?
What's the algorithm for finding sequences used by TraMineR?
Type I error in Negative Binomial GLM
confidence intervals for dependent observations
How to combine sample means and sample variances?
How is a Sparse RBM different from a Gaussian-Bernoulli RBM
Hausman test for Independence of Irrelevant Alternatives (IIA), negative value
Statistics is a machine ... quote
Chi-square approach to calculate if two words occur together by chance
R implementation of some new Principal Component Pursuit methods
Pearson 5/Inverse Gamma/ Double Pareto
Dependent (Paired) T-Test Sample Variance
kozachenko-leonenko entropy estimation
Any algorithms better than polynomial regression
Likelihood Ratio Test and boundary parameters
Can the union (or) probability of many non-mutually exclusive events be calculated recursively?
Outlier detection in beta distributions
Sampling from Bayesian regression predictive posterior
Conditional expectation of random vector given low-rank linear transform
Latent variables motivation for ordinal and binary logistic regression
What to do when complete cases vs. imputed cases and train vs. test disagree?
Calculating and comparing weighted means with changing number of daily values
Can Chauvenet's criterion be used with non-normal data?
Does fastICA require PCA to run at first?
Forecasting irregular pattern and volume
How can I modify default parameters of a gbm.step plot?
Parameter estimation with generalized linear models
How do I compute the transition probability function?
Finding groups of similar people
Significance test in linear regression with only one predictor
Sample Size Calculation for Cluster Sampling
Confidence interval for the intercept in logistic regression
PCA followed by LDA: dimension reduction strategy
Deep learning ... notion of depth
Real World Cross Validation Problem
Individual level prediction of a person’s probability of voting without their vote history
Why change items which don't change Cronbach Alpha?
Mann-Whitney U Test Analysis Help
GEE Combined with Linear Mixed Model
Identity in Simple Linear Model
Estimating the average amount of time that passes when we we read elements element in a loop/iteration
Combining unbiased estimators with unknown variance
How can an improper prior lead to a proper posterior distribution?
Graphing and Analyzing Probit Regression
What are the latest methods to generate ensembles?
Variablity in cv.glmnet results
When do you know when modeling something with a binomial distribution is better than a Poisson?
Understanding vec2var conversion in R
Is there a way to perform SVD in a sequential manner?
Appropriate test for detecting a signal in normally distributed noise
NP-Hard optimisation problems that require approximate methods
How to correctly interpret a parallel analysis in exploratory factor analysis?
Equivalence of log linear and logistic regression for categorical variables
Is highly correlated factors in a prediction model a problem?
Cross-Correlating more than Two Time Series
Cross-validation prediction standard error
assumptions of REML
Why does max-t methods use only the maximum of generated t-values?
Only few Levels Of Dummy Variables are significant
Gaussian Process and Expectation Propagation time complexity?
Bank loan model (spr?)
Is it legitimate to use factor analysis or clustering before regression
ARMA parameters
How do you find weights for weighted least squares regression?
Top R package for PLS regression?
A good alternative to data binning?
What is more important in choosing parametric or nonparametric tests - skewness & kurtosis or normality test results?
Interpreting spline results
Cheaper/faster method to estimate uncertainties than bootstrap
Bayes factor for selecting between two beta-distributions
How should I analyze my data?
Why is my idea about correlation wrong here?
Range of standardized beta in linear regression
What is delta in the maximization step in this EM algorithm?
Estimating the Marginal Effect of a Misclassified Binary Regressor Without Instruments
Correlate 3 vectors that are sampled from 3 different distributions
can matrix completion work in the presence of many missing values?
Lower tail of power law distribution
Comparing GLM models using predict
Hypothesis testing for non-normal data
How to make the rare events corrections described in King and Zheng (2001)?
R fit restricted AR(p) model
Approximating a matrix as the outer product of two vectors
Appropriate GLM when response variable is proportion, but not binomial
How do Restricted Boltzmann Machines work?
Methods for dealing with Price Expectations in a Model
Which equal correlations of three random variables are possible?
Age Period Cohort imputation
Implausibly small standard error
What are methods I can use to calculate the two-sided Fisher exact test?
Suggestions for cost-sensitive learning in a highly imbalanced setting
How to test a program that uses machine learning
Lmer model fails to converge
Correlation coefficient in longitudinal data
Comparison of point-biserial and linear correlation coefficients
Calculate the Kullback-Leibler Divergence in practice?
How do I compare multiple timeseries?
Sum of products in an expected value
Changepoints in R
Find one slope on dataset with two y-intercepts?
Why doesn't Random Forest handle missing values in predictors?
Hazard and density function in survival analysis with discrete time
Plots to illustrate results of linear mixed effect model
Anomaly detection: what algorithm to use?
Comparing reaction tests
How can I recognize dramatic changes in a set of observations?
Finding the multivariate distribution of a stochastic matrix
MLE of a Cauchy distribution
Is there seasonality or trend in the attached time series graph
GARCH(1,1) regression in Eviews
Should I analyze variables separately or together?
Gradient Based Learning Algorithms vs Global Optimization Learning Algorithms for Neural Networks
Naive Bayes non-Dictionary Term in Test Document
Testing classifier with binomial test when group sizes are unequal
Fitted values of ARMA model
Probability of data point being from distribution in normal mixtures
SEM & Identification
Endogeneity & IV
Appropriate negative eigenvalue correction for PCoA of genetic distances
Intepreting p-value of a regression coefficient
MLE for mean of symmetric but otherwise unknown distribution
Dummy variable interaction
How to simulate data with values of Mardia's Kurtosis?
What test should I perform on a structural equation model?
How should I handle variables whose data points have varying degrees of predictive power?
How to test against a mixed distribution?
How to prove higher eigenvalues correspond to significant principal components?
Possible Problem in Naive Bayes Spam Filters
Residuals in poisson regression
Should I use ANOVA or MANOVA?
How should I interpret these strange density and mixing plots when fitting a generalised pareto distribution using MCMC with JAGS?
Why are Pearsons residuals from a poisson regression so large?
MSE of an estimator
Neural Network: Spikes using conjugate gradient
Coerce contingency table to report unrepresented classes
How do I detect the number of distributions in a set of data?
How to test my hypothesis?
How to discriminate between non-nested models?
Difference-in-differences estimator
Probability density function of the sample maximum of a random variable
Different number of samples affecting naive Bayes
Calculating NBA shooting consistency
First-differences vs. pooled OLS
Intuition on the definition of the covariance
Scale of control variable in ANCOVA
Neyman-Pearson lemma: critical region and hypothesis testing
Computing the likelihood for multiplicative error in the independent variable
Hierarchiqual prediction using R
How to approach missing data...ignore or not to ignore?
The role of the regularization parameter while optimizing a function
Using model uncertainties in optimisation
Propensity Score Matching – How do the mechanics lead to a different result than unmatched?
Investigating covariates in mixed effect model
For a T-test, what would happen if one of my samples was made up of only one observation?
Why is the conditional expectation of prediction error in regression not zero?
What's an intuitive way to explain SS decomposition for a Mixed ANOVA with 1 B/S and 1 W/S variable?
Are random sample and iid random variable synonyms?
Alternatives to bag-of-words based classifiers for text classification?
Total expectation theorem for Poisson processes
Machine Learning and R textbook reference
Inverse normal distribution in winbugs
Difference-in-difference-in-differences estimator
Formulating a hierarchical model in educational measurement
How to formulate a likelihood ratio test for an exponential distribution?
Sample covariance matrix
Alternatives to box plots for comparing clustering results
Data tranformation in panel data
Kalman Filtering, Smoothing and Parameter Estimation for State Space Models in R and C#
How to test for relationship between cumulative intake and outcome over time in single arm study?
Why do we not look at the covariance matrix when choosing between LDA or QDA
A question on a non-parametric estimating equation
Why is Euclidean distance not a good metric in high dimensions?
Does statistically insignificant difference of means imply equality of means?
Can we make probabilistic statements with prediction intervals?
Choosing a regression model
How to compare DBSCAN clustering results
Why is the Weibull distribution considered as a model for lifetime of a system where parts are getting worn-out?
Is it necessary to use cross-validatation to avoid overfitting when applying random forest algorithm?
Covariance of conditionally independent random variables
dG(y) in expected value integral
JAGS error re length mismatch in Node
Assessing performance of linear model with fixed slope
Variance regarding to the exponential of uniform distribution
Why did removing the between-subjects factor from a two-way mixed ANOVA change the SSwithin?
K-fold Cross Validation and Training/CV/Test set Techniques for choosing regularization parameter of Regression
Choice of plot or statistic for data with wide range
Alternatives to constrained non-linear optimization: a case study with Gaussian curve fitting
Need help for which test to choose?
Inventory control - first order quantity of periodic order quantities model
Given more information, can a probability lessen?
Gumbel Copula generation using nonparametric correlations like Kendall's tau
Modelling the difference between two Hubbert curves
getting from Edgeworth expansions to Cornish Fisher Expansions
Modelling risk aversion
Average of root mean square error
The relationship between trading profitibility and forecasting accuracy
Lasso regression with GAM models in R
Interpreting a binned residual plot in logistic regression
Best way to generate Gaussian Field
Summarization of text documents (legal domain) using deep learning techniques
Logistic regression with time series predictor data
Maximum likelihood estimation for a sequence of observations
What is an appropriate technique for measuring correlation between classes?
Expected value of q given y is weighted average of mean q and and y
Wilcoxon-Mann-Whitney as a loss function
Overfitting naive Bayes
Why does my posterior distribution have probability values greater than 1?
Von Mises distribution to detect outliers
Calculating the standard error for a ratio estimator in a stratified sample
Can you use a moving average as an instrumental variable?
How to select predictors in regression using backward method?
Principal component analysis with known uncertainty varying across both samples and variables
Transforming scores between different rating scales – Importance of response options
What are some examples of applied machine learning problems that requires using mixed models?
Fast missing data imputation in R for big data that is more sophisticated than simply imputing the means?
Plotting results with many features
Is it possible for a regression to have the right functional form but still suffer from omitted variable bias?
Confidence interval for the shift parameter of a non-central exponential distribution
Comparing regression coefficients across groups in multinomial logistic regression
How does Gower distance work with free text?
Number of components in PCA
Graphical and Statistical Tests for Robustness of Sharp RD
Avoid rater tendency in confidence questionaires
Time Series: Seasonality and trend
Multilevel models including random slopes: how to calculate variance
Datasets for exploring Cognitive Diagnosis Modelling
How to combine predictions in ensemble
Gelman and Rubin convergence diagnostic, how to generalise to work with vectors?
Proof of density inequality
Is there a name for bar charts that replace the bars with color coded objects?
Interaction variable in multiple regressions
Weibull distribution with the negative shape parameter
What is the best way to automatically select sensible, comprehensible breakpoints?
Estimating the error in the average of correlated values
Why are Pearson's residuals from a negative binomial regression smaller than those from a poisson regression?
Accuracy of aggregate vs. disaggregate forecasting
Binary Logistic Regression – Extremely Low Log-Likelihood Value
Distribution for percentage data
How to learn the points inside a square with its boundary?
Estimating the mean from knowing the first n largest values
In two-way between-groups ANOVA, is there a way to work out $SS_{A×B}$ aside from $SS_{\rm BETWEEN} - SS_A - SS_B$?
Tail probabilities and the GHK simulator
What is it all about Machine Learning in real practice?
How to use cross-validation
Proving the consistancy of the MAD
25 percent chance of winning, but only 3 wins in the past 20 events
Is there a limit to the number of time varying covariates in a discrete event history model
Normalizing weekly sales fluctuations in the overall market
Average of percentages / prove causal relationship between sale dates & margin sales
Why does poisson regression need to assume observations are poisson distributed?
Value between bigger and smaller set
Should I use a beta-binomial or binomial glmm?
Covariance between f(x+y) and f(x)
Derivation of the Simpson index
random forest for large number of variables and predictions
Are standard deviation, CI95%, mean, median computed in the same way for uncorrelated and correlated (time series) data?
How to compare short (9 points) time-series
maximum likelihood or else
unique spline for different groups in a linear model (and no spline at all for one group)
Error term interpretation in the Cox PH model
What is the best analysis to perform on brute force tests?
Can I use simple regression with variables that are not significant in multiple regression?
Given the location and scale parameters of a Gumbel distribution for variable X, how does one calculate the mean and variance of X^2?
optimal scaling / CATREG for imputed data
Evaluating correlation with multiple human annotators
Moment of random variable on a integral form
Differential baseline bias vs Heterogenous treatment effect
What to do when heteroskedasticity is expected?
computing KL divergence: M projections for arbitrary distributions
Bayesian: Sampling from Truncated Distributions
Weird looking binned residual plot
Changes in R-squared
Benefits of CART over ID3 algorithm
find correlated regions from time series
How to reduce overfitting in linear regression
How do we define log-normal prior and a multivariate posterior log-likelihood in PyMC?
I would like help calculating the probability of a simple problem
fit and cross-validate categorical sample data formed from observations
Hypergeometric test
Domain analysis in surveys
What theory can explain why after several rounds of bootstrapping, the result come to converge?
What is the meaning of the PRESS statistic in the case of an exact interpolation?
Is It Correct to Talk About the Probability of an Event that Has Already Occurred and Is Not Repeatable?
Should the Shapiro-Wilk test and QQ-Plot always be combined?
Correlation between two variables measured in separate experiments in R
Logistic regression: Strange standard errors from glm() in R
Positive correlations to dependent variable, but negative coefficients
SUR estimation and Heckman selection model with panel data on Stata?
ARIMA model selection in SAS
Is multicollinearity a concern in nonparametric statistics?
Average of several categorical random variables
Normality tests for histograms
Sample size required for bivariate normal distribution
Extremely fast regularized linear model libraries
How to quantify the plastic deformation point?
Is the correlation coefficient better than we think?
Coefficients from glmer in R
Conditional inverse Gaussian distribution
Exact p-values for real world outcomes
Naive Bayes with unbalanced classes
Why is a Mixed model a non-linear statistical model
When to use time dummies in multiple regression
Interpreting transformed dependent and independent variables
Mixed design anova assumptions
Why would you use logistic regression for count data?
How many principal components on a PLS with SAS
What's the difference between standardization and studentization?
Treating data that is not normally distributed
Test hypothesis This profit is significantly different than the average
Why do the 95% confidence limits in ARIMA models widen at the forecasts?
How to calculate variance explained by an environmental variable in the model?
Plotting a categorical response as a function of a continuous predictor using R
How do I train a (logistic?) regression in R using L1 loss function?
Post-hoc tests on linear mixed model give mixed results.‏
How to compare the strength of two Pearson correlations?
How to analyze interdependent interaction terms of lmer model
Comparison of t-value and F-value
Gaussian mixture regression in higher dimensions
Supervised classification with different numbers of predictors per observation
What is the best estimate for variability of a measurement
lme vs lmer vs aov for three factor repeated measures design
When using the MIXED procedure in SPSS should set my 'time' variable as scale or categorical?
Do these residual plots violate the linearity and homogeneity assumptions for linear regression?
Can i use a mixture model for when I have an omitted variable?
Regression, Independence & Normality of x and y variables (not residuals)
Why we need single class classification?
How can I show that a random walk is not covariance stationary?
Update probabilities from a classifier with a priori probabilties
What measurements or tests should I take for testing stability of patterns?
PCA realization in python
Is a data point significantly larger than a certain distribution average?
Mean Absolute Error and Data Distribution
How to calculate the next year's January hourly forward prices for an asset given the historical hourly prices?
Alias Structure of one-fourth replicate of a $4^2$-Factorial Design with interaction $\text{A}{B}^3$ confounded
Predict values with multiple linear regression
How to show that the variance of Sequential Importance Sampling estimates increase with the dimension?
Data Mining Methods with Nested Data
inter vs intra group variance
How to include $x$ and $x^2$ into regression, and whether to center them?
When is a second hidden layer needed in feed forward neural networks?
Confidence Interval for Percentile for Empirical Distribution
Creating and interpreting Bland-Altman plot
GARCH(1,1) with insignificant constant
Using control variables in Difference in Difference method
Standard error in linear regression
Transforming Rank-Ordered Variable
How do I state an ARIMA(0,1,4)x(0,1,1)12 in terms of Yt etc and not in terms of the backshift operator
Likert scale inter rater agreement
Multiple regression prediction interval comparison
Sample size requirements when studying total population
Difference between log-normal distribution and logging variables, fitting normal
calculating the expected value and variance of a log AR(1) process
How to show that there is no relationship
Trouble training Neural Network
How to export and use results of PCA from R?
What does model-based mean for multivariate statistics?
Multivariate statistics vs machine learning?
Upper 5% value of distribution of the mean
Model selection on variance parameters (and about REML)
I don't understand what is going on with my t-test and Mann-Whitney results
R-squared to compare forecasting techniques
Which distribution to use to model web page read time?
Reparameterizing the multivariate normal model in Bayesian atatistics, Jacobian of the covariance variance matrix?
How to test the influence of external factors on time series
Conditional logit model and price elasticities
calculate Levenshtein Distance for web click stream data
Is f-measure synonymous with accuracy?
Interpretation of the area under the PR curve
Simulate regression data with dependent variable being non-normally distributed
Generating Random Variables with given correlations between pairs of them:
Forecasting temperature using CurveFitting
Violation Proportionality Cox model - Repeat analysis?
In R, what does a probability density function compute?
Large overlap between confidence intervals, although z test for difference was significant
Which distribution has the larger variability? Is variance absolute, or relative to the mean?
Neuro fuzzy system for classification
Weights in the fit.variogram method of gstat
ANOVA on percentages
Testing the influence of monthly fluctuations
Moment Generating Function for Gamma Distribution
standardising sub-data sets, such that the whole dataset is standardised
Comparing 6 week mean to current weeks actual
Recurrent vs Hopfield neural networks
Why test for both correlation and groups differences using the same variable?
Is the Dunning–Kruger effect mostly caused by regression to the mean?
Random effects and repeated measures: what would you choose as random effect?
Area of exponential distribution
Clustering data that has mixture of continuous and categorical variabes
Clusterings that can be caused by K-means
Entropy of Cauchy (Lorentz) Distribution
Why not always use bootstrap CIs?
simulate multi-level data for repeated measurements
Misunderstanding of Monte Carlo Pi Estimation
Can you use the chi-squared test with tables of real numbers?
How to find lambda in R, if other parameters are known
How to enforce periodic boundary conditions when performing regression with sci-kit learn?
Why do the normal and log-normal density functions differ by a factor?
Changing the variable you omit due to the dummy variable trap
Window models in stream data processing
How to perform imputation of values in very large number of data points?
Interpreting results of an Augmented Dickey-Fuller test
Nonparametric mixture model and clusters
How do I report Lasso results in an article?
A regression model whose response variable is the day of year that an annual event (usually) occurs
How exactly did statisticians agree to using (n-1) as the unbiased estimator for population variance without simulation?
Approaching the limit in the .632 rule when n is unknown
Gradient descent based minimization algorithm that doesn't require initial guess to be near the global optimum
MLEs from glmer {lme4} in R
Difference between Bayesian Networks & Markov Process
Growth mixture models, structural parameters, and using a parameter with variance fixed at zero as mediator in regression model?
Local log-likelihood for multiclass linear regression model
Concavity of log likelihood for hidden markov models
Sampling probability
One sample median test: Wilcoxon, sign test or chi squared
Linear regression model that best suit for data with errors
Cox regression to see if distribution of disease predicts survival
Repeated Measures ANOVA pairing counterbalance issue
2x2 ANOVA interactions
Split plot with factorial design vs three way ANOVA
Example of the impact of statistical inference in society
SAS: How to create variables from the values given in a specific column of a table?
Evaluating an integral using MCMC algorithm
Regression Trees / Boosted Regression Trees for Tweedie Distribution in R
Naive Line Search for Gradient Descent
Is deep belief network a belief network
How to derive the characteristic function of a polar coordinates representation of a bivariate normal
Combining sources of uncertainty/variation in a multi-layered linear model
Identifying a mixture model
Difference between sample and sequence in Law of Large Numbers
MCMC with Metropolis-Hastings algorithm: Choosing proposal
How to create item parcels in SPSS Amos?
Why can't one generalize the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test to 2 or more dimensions?
Algorithm for winning casino roulette
How to create item parcels for a factor that is not unidimensional?
Assessing principal components analysis
Is it possible to change a hypothesis to match observed data (aka fishing expedition) and avoid an increase in Type I errors?
Confidence Intervals for AUC using cross-validation
Probability integral transformation : Why doesn't this inverse affect inequality?
K-medoid clustering in python
Is there an extension of multinomial process models that can model several dependent variables?
panel data - within-group estimate - individual fixed effects retrieved
explanatory variables may bias predictions
When can we speak of collinearity
help with this gradient computation in Expectation Propagation
Comparing success ratio based on unequal distribution of samples
How to run a multiple membership hierarchical model in Stata?
Feature selection based on information gain papers
Real World Challenge: Large difference between training and testing set accuracy
Is there a package that I can use in order to get rules for a target outcome in R
Why is my shared variance negative?
Assumptions of linear models and what to do if the residuals are not normally distributed
Power in proteomics?
Computing probabilities of letters in a word grid
How to perform a constrast in R for a cox proportional hazards model
How to summarize GAM model result from multiple imputation data in R
EM Algorithm - Expectation w.r.t. a subset of current parameters
Checking model quality in linear regression
How can I cluster data in a grid-like fashion and heat map the averages in R?
I got a good OLS fit for integer variables, do I still need to use count data methods?
Now that I've rejected the null hypothesis what's next?
Should I control for random effects of participant in an individual differences design?
Where can I find an implementation of Hinton's original Boltzmann Machine?
recall calculation for a real world example
Selecting the best model using cross-validation on coefficient of determination and/or mean squared error
using neighbor information in imputing data or find off-data (in R)
Contingency tables, Chi-Squared analysis and next steps in R
SPSS CHAID/CRT Query
Autocorrelation, Durbin-Watson and non time-series data
Building training set from unlabeled data
How to reconcile SAS hazard ratio standard error with actual value
Gaussian sampling in high dimension
Problem in computing the Variance of Regression Estimator
Calculation of distribution of a gaussian process
Bernoulli mixture models for image classification, pathological cases
Approximating a Complementary Cumulative Distribution Function via a piece-wise function
Metropolis Algorithm for a 3 variated function
Help clarify the implication of normality in an Ordinary Least Square (OLS) Regression
The representation of a high-dimensional data set by a low number of data points
Comparing AIC among models with different amounts of data
Unbalanced data or Balanced data
How to express a Poisson regression as an equation
Nonlinear Statistics?
Adding interactions to logistic regression leads to high SEs
Serial correlation: estimation vs robust SE
Comparing patient proportions between one ER and the national average
Adding errors in quadrature for mean values
Testing presence of one outcome over another
Conjoint analysis or discrete choice analysis ? And which software?
parameter estimation of a mixture distribution
Combine decision trees from GBM to reduce output
Bootstrap ttest
Metropolis random walk using multivariate normal
Obtaining predictions from an mgcv::gam fit that contains a matrix by variable to a smooth
Gibbs sampling with Log-Normal observations
Interpret the pairwise comparison plot from SPSS
How to test if time series are not cointegrated?
Random variables: True or False
Find the data elements in a data frame that pass the rule for a node in a tree model?
Capture Recapture Method for Estimating Crowds
Prediction from gam model at X = 0 not equal to intercept
Uniform convergence of Monte Carlo approximation
R: Time series: Difference of arrays returns 0 instead of true difference
Setting a proper prior distribution on sigma for Bayesian Regression
Can I use wilcoxon signed rank test for time series data
Is there a nice(r) Taylor expansion of the normal quantile function?
Linear regression in R
How the hypergeometric distribution sums to 1?
Should the final R glm include only significant levels of factors
Simulated annealing - why when encountering a lower energy state we move to it with probability 1?
Metropolis Hastings when acceptance rate is not a probability
A probability question that needs some clarification
VIF calculation in regression
How to get statistical evidence of similar/different evolution from PDFs
Compare and quantify quality of data
Background subtraction for signal and error analysis
what is the easy way to estimate expected Fisher information matrix for a given functional model?
How would you model this random effects structure?
Exploiting features in a multiarmed bandit scenario
Significant digit 354 rule from Particle Data Group
Simple scheme to sample from the Bernoulli distribution
In a Poisson process measured with some efficiency, is the measured count still Poisson?
How to appropriately represent certain outliers
Comparing participant numbers in a systematic review
Better to use cross-validation or training/holdout for predictive modeling?
How to get the median of Z=f(x,y)?
Issue with controlling confound in multinomial regression analysis; different results when removing kids on meds
How to interpret canonical correlation analysis
$I(X:Y|Z=z) \leq I(X:Y|Z)$?
Standard deviation exceeds maximum value
Transform a non-monotonic value before decision tree (concrete example)?
ML Bank transactions assignement to invoices
Is linear kernel SVM performance between features indicative of RBF kernel SVM performance?
deterministic sampling for multivariate discrete distributions
Comparing two estimators for accuracy using empirical bootstrap
How to calculate the agreement/disagreement weight when using a similarity metric?
Countable intersection of almost sure events is also almost sure
Textbooks pertaining to creating models?
How to pedict spatio-temporal events?
How to check if a random sample is biased
Fama and French Three Factors: A time series analysis
Finding parts of categorical variables that go together
What's an intuitive explanation of the F-distribution's PDF?
Help clarify the implication of linearity in an Ordinary Least Squares (OLS) Regression
How to detect outliers with longitudinal data?
Classification with mislabeled data
Fusing Aggregate (Macro) and Micro Data?
Classification/Regression Tree with nonngeative response
Signal processing techniques for unevenly spaced and repeated measures series
Poisson regression in R glm(): concept and practice
A mixed discrete-continuous distribution
Would a sorted class harm a 10-split cross validation?
Convergence time of a Markov chain
Bias of the maximum likelihood estimator of an exponential distribution
Change in Proportion - Multiple Periods
Normalization with error in denominator
Do we need to check Internal Consistency of Validated Questionnaire?
DLM Trigonometric seasonality vs trend
How to do Ordinary Least Squares (OLS) when the observations are not linear?
Paired test for comparing boolean data
Possible to evaluate GLM in Python/scikit-learn using the Poisson, Gamma, or Tweedie distributions as the family for the error distribution?
What can't be expressed as a linear model?
power for estimating treatment heterogeneity in RCT
Why is the plot of residuals against fitted values a horinzontal line when the dependent variable is linearly related to the indenpendent variable?
Squared sum of errors
Why do the results in cross validation changes whenever I shuffle my training data?
Large coefficients and std. errors
Segmentation using cluster analysis in SPSS
Logistic regression: can weights be used as a predictor variable?
Different estimated parameters in similar models in R
Financial exposures modelling with graph theory tools
Can Goldman Sachs' economists predict who will win the World Cup?
Metropolis Hastings algorithm
Specification of panel data
Best introduction to longitudinal data analysis
Difference between two i.i.d Laplace distributions?
Identifying parameters for Weibull distribution from research paper
Matrix rank and amount of regressors
Similarity of time series
Is it possible to analyze a problem using graph if number of features is greater than 2?
Examples of misapplication of Bayes theorem
MCMC Modelling - can this even be solved?
Is it necessary to transform an econometric model in order to have only diagonal elements in the error covariance matrix?
Generating a correlated data matrix where both observations and variables are correlated
Offset in Poisson regression
Negative predictions for binomial predictions from gbm in R
Bayesian Hierarchical Model - Exact Conjugate Solution?
Simulating state space model with AR(1) dynamics
REML estimation - matrix algebra internals
Is statistical insignificance fatal
Kruskal-Wallis?
Estimating entropy of multidimensional variable through dimension reduction
Gaussian clusters and original distributions
How to present a one-way ANOVA when one of the group's variance is unequal.
ML & AI - Algorithm recommendation for optimization by tuning parameters?
Drawing pair of cards. Did my brother play fair or unfair?
how would I compare 2 linear models with the same response variable?
Non-linear model robustness
expectation of multivariate discrete distribution
How to use statistics to learn about voting?
Convergence in probability, $X_i$ IID with finite second moment
SVM Training: Working Set Selection
How to calculate accuracy of each feature
Understand the reasons of using Kernel method in SVM
Autocorrelation of discrete time series
Guessing starting values for PARAMETERS statement in PROC NLIN
Random or fixed effects in a GLM, or perhaps GEE?
Closed form expression for the distribution of the sample kurtosis of Gaussian distribution
Similarity between different length vectors containing related items
R - Post hoc comparisons in 2x2 ANOVA unequal sample sizes
Compare two regressions
Weibull distribution from given mean
How to handle data with double the number of cases than controls?
modeling error when estimating the parameters of the beta distribution
time series --- seasonal adjustment
Create a matrix of tf-idf values from documents
Multiple Hypothesis testing correction on non-independent data
what if I know my time series are cointegrated over a long period but not over a short period?
Multilevel modeling: longitudinal data with within-subjects factors
Modeling conditionally independent observations using logistic regressions
What causes a U shaped pattern in the spatial correlogram?
What type of predictive analysis should I use?
The impact of rescaling a predictor on the standard error of the corresponding coefficent
Interaction/Moderation effect in ANOVA - variable is not one of the factors
Emotion recognition lip zone processing
Rescaling exponentially distributed variables before clustering?
Explaining changes caused by dummy variables quantitatively
Does testing for assumptions affect type I error?
Standardizing feature vectors for regression
Testing for multiple conditional heteroskedasticity in multivariate regression
comparing ARMA coefficients
How to calculate variance - covariance matrix of a matrix?
existence of fractional moment of cauchy distribution
Sampling from a long tailed distribution
Obtaining the Standard Error of Weighted Data in SPSS
Choosing the right forecasting technique
Rare event logistic regression bias correction
N-1 Pearson's Chi-Square in R
Are inconsistent tests bearable?
Clustering of accelerometer events
Difference in tf-idf values in R
Interpretation with training and test set with standardized variables
Point predictions and prediction intervals
How many different approaches (or schools, or methods) is in statistics?
Logistic Regression on Big Data
Why is it wrong to discover factors using EFA then use CFA on the same data to confirm that factor model?
pmf for a function of random variables
Bayesian approach to infer whether a patient has a particular disease
How to interpret multiple factors in model output in R
Estimation variance based on transformation data
Help to interpret an interaction plot?
How does glmnet handle overdispersion?
Test for Complete Spatial Randomness taking into account background distribution
Model assumptions of partial least squares (PLS)
Quantile regression forecast accuracy
Generating realizations of sampling distributions
Predictive Modeler: How can learning Python and/or Java benefit me?
Statistics of 7 game playoff series
Split train//validation/test sets by time, is it correct?
What if P(A|B)=P(B|A)?
How do I find the expected values for this type of Chi squared question?
Third order central moment of a positive linear combination of log-normal random variables
How to use gsl_linalg_cholesky_ decomp to composite the lower triangular matrix?
Using PC scores or cluster analsis in predictions
How to find this integral
Using PyMC to obtain the posterior for the parameters of a parametric model?
necessary condition for the existence of the posterior mean
Residuals from model missing interaction
Why are confidence intervals for predicted values so large?
How can you use HMMs and ANNs for on-line handwriting recognition?
Characterization of normal distribution
Correlation on several independent populations
Statistical test to assess differences between two sequencing methods
SAS Proc Mixed model interpretation
SVM parameter dependence on number of samples
How can I find a Z score from a p-value?
Fuzzy logic based object recognition
How to report results from analyses that did not converge
Variance of plugin estimator
how to fit a michaelis-menten function with a random effect using the nlme package in R?
Reporting the use of different likert-scales in survey for structural equation modelling?
Which method of df for chi square I have to apply either $(c-1)\cdot (r-1)$ or df$=n-1$?
Random Forest and substituting different variables
Handling missing data in a time series
Comparing proportions in two samples
Bodyfat, abdomen and biceps: How to interpret this data?
Interpreting Augmented Dickey-Fuller in R
Is there a negative impact from imbalance/skew in predictor variables?
Correlation in Time Series
How to normalize data of unknown distribution
MANOVA vs repeated measues ANOVA example
Maximum likelihood estimator, exact distribution
Response-surface methodology vs. 3-level full-factorial
interaction of categorical and continuous variables
Stata's -margins- shows negative predicting value for count model
Why use Student's t distribution rather than Student's z distribution
Can Someone Explain How Factor Multiplication Works with Factor Graphs?
How to handle unequal sample size with multiple factors?
Is the binomial sign test really the exact McNemar test?
What software I use manually adjust a regression line on a graph?
Interpreting coefficients in a logistic regression model with a categorical variable having more than 2 levels
Sparse Autoencoder [Hyper]parameters
Accounting for noncoverage in survey
Sparse principal component analysis
Finding a proper t-distribution given a constraint about the weight of its tail
Is it helpful to have monotonic features when using a random forest for classification?
Starting Steps for building logistic regression model?
How many stickers do I need to complete my FIFA Panini album?
Find the UMVUE for $\Phi(\mu)$
How can I specify cross-correlations between differential equations?
How can I estimate the tail of a distribution with a truncated distribution?
Bias Variance tradeoff from a Bayesian perspective
How to interpret a QQ plot
Compare negative binomial models
Likelihood vs. noise kernel hyperparameter in GPML Toolbox
How do we build a model with pyMC
Compute pdf of a k-th order statistic
regression algorithms which work with sparse categorical predictors
Difference categorical variables R
Is the variance of the residuals of a linear regression useful for estimating experimental sample sizes?
Clustering on a data set with mixed variables
Finding all largest sequences
Understanding shape and calculation of confidence bands in linear regression
Correlation Between Random Variables
Distribution over a matrix of probabilities
Calculate number of standard deviations separating two multivariate Gaussians?
Interpolating time series wind data using correlation
Is Kernel PCA with linear kernel equivalent to standard PCA?
What is uncorrelated noise and its significance
How to detect polarized user opinions (high and low star ratings)
In a binary classification soft-margin SVM problem, is there a case where there are no bounded support vectors for one class?
Wald test and Likelihood ratio test, where do the confidence intervals on the regression coefficients come from?
Probability in random selection - Exposing corruption in a Sweepstake
Smoothing spline with dependent coordinates in R
Basic Question about the Latent Dirichlet Allocation Generative Model
How to compute V statistic and statistical test in wilcox.test
Fitting a simple JAGS model with RSTAN
Training and test data for Holt Winters Method
How to test whether the absolute change of two paired samples different from zero
How to draw a tangent line to a curve fit?
Regression Analysis
How to test the ARIMA coefficients?
Why does sign of coefficient of categorical variable changes in logistic regression when running a model on test sample
Finding criteria for a household financial budget falsification
Calculating difference between two means based on linear regression
How to transform an accuracy distribution for a violin plot
Random factor nested in two fixed factors
How to choose predictors for regression model
households survey data - determine 'valid' product categories
How is L2 Boosting Different from a Big Regression Tree?
Multivariate time series forecasting using Support Vector Regression in R
Prioritization based on three factors
Find parameters $\alpha$ and $\beta$ of a beta distribution, if I have one quantile and the mean
Analyzing the behavior of a non-linear model
Different AIC values for the same model using step()?
How to interpret autocorrelation
Prediction problem: Do I have to sample the data set so that the outcomes are balanced?
Why is error variance important in CFA?
Weighted sample covariance
Can you compare two groups with only partial summary information?
Example of PCA where low variation PC is useful
Is the sampling distribution for small samples of a normal population normal or t distributed?
Difference between SUR and SEM
Logistic regression and ordinal independent variables
Fixed Effects Gravity Model for forecasting..with time constant variables Stata
What are the regularity conditions for Likelihood Ratio test
Picking the top 10 answers from a survey
Original source for the play tennis dataset
Designing Computer Science experiments (Hypotheses and errors?)
for N(θ,1), Score Test is equivalent to UMPU test
Calculate centroid in PCA
Can GARCH be only be used to model a return series?
Expectation of probability less than r-th sample in order statistics
Analysis of mcmc output
Reporting two-way ANOVA
Stratified Cross-Validation with Collaborative Filtering
What is the problem with using R-squared in time series models?
How to compare groups on multiple facets of a outcome and how that outcome relates to a subsequent outcome?
Univariate Normal Converted to Multivariate Normal: Covariance Derivation
Truncated normal in WinBUGS
tanh activation function vs sigmoid activation function
Estimation of so called HAR model
anova type III test for a GLMM
Parametric bootstrap : examples
Correcting for multiple comparisons using simulated distribution
Stability of a GI/G/1 queue with $\rho=1$?
test for trend in ordinal response variable
What tests are used to see if there is a statistically significant improvement in the pre post intervention study?
Is a valid correlation function on $R^2$ (a plane) also a valid correlation function on a cylinder
Dummy coding from a bayesian stand of view
Individual slopes for many zip codes over time
What is the name of the statistical fallacy whereby outcomes of previous coin flips influence beliefs about subsequent coin flips?
T-Distribution using Excel?
How to treat this OLS based on residual diagnostics
Comparing the performance of two teams measuring many variables once
Using descriptive statistics as input in SPSS
Clustering algorithms for extremely sparse data
How to know one system is significantly better than another one?
What do I do if my sample for cross sections is not random in a panel regression model?
Standard method for calculating contribution of individual variable to outcome
testing for the difference in slopes if independent data is correlated
Leave-one-out cross-validation for negative binomial
Finding significant peaks -- evaluation of different methods
What is a least angle regression?
I've found two equations for regression slope, but they give me two different answers. What am I missing?
correlation of bootstrap sample means
What's the difference between autoencoders and deep autoencoders?
What is this distribution?
Basic question: importance of modelling a distribution to data
k-fold Cross validation of ensemble learning
Plot two-dimensional Gaussian density function in MATLAB
Clustering without a distance matrix
What's wrong with this illustration of posterior distribution?
How do I determine/compute a cutoff for chance level/not chance level?
How to define Confidence Intervals from a distribution of 1000 t-statistics?
Verification of assumptions in TBATS model
How to combine n confusion matrices
Why does PCA maximize variance of the projection?
How was this p-value calculated?
Moment Generating Functions and Fourier Transforms?
Predictive Models for the Soccer World Cup 2014
Polynomial model with unpaired data
Random sampling the data again to keep equal size across groups
How can i perform Cosinor analysis in Matlab?
Multiple testing: contingency table or logistic regression approach for survey?
MOOC or other online class for advanced stats?
Hausman's test for all $\beta$s – comparing FE vs RE models
Limiting distribution of the first order statistic of a general distribution
Correlation of Ratios substantially lower compared to the numerator alone
How to perform statistical test for enrichment of gene lists?
Chi Square test to measure degree of association
What is a good similarity measure to use when missing data is a significant issue?
When forcing intercept of 0 in linear regression is acceptable/advisable
ordinal regression or Spearman correlation?
Logistic regression assumptions for a model with many binary independent variables
Iterative or Lazy Reservoir Sampling
How Should I Find Statistically Significant Differences Between Two Markov Models?
What to call this graph showing icons for artists on a horizontal axis indicating number of unique words used?
Can you test if one judge gives significantly different scores from other judges?
Differences between logistic regression and perceptrons
How to estimate the change in prevalence of a trait in the population from non-random samples?
Let f(x) be some PDF, and F(x) be its CDF. Shouldn't F(x)=.5 give us the expected value of f(x)?
How do you calculate the standard deviation for Roulette?
How to calculate the MGF for a poisson random variable
Is the goodness of fit test in JMP the Hosmer-Lemeshow goodness of fit test?
determining the order of Box-Jenkins modeling process
Correlations between continuous and categorical (nominal) variables
Insignificant interaction makes variable of interest significant
Sampling distribution of regression coefficients for normally distributed random variables
Convergence of a sequence of random variables
Cross-Section Dummy Variables in a Logistic Regression
Best way to compare distributions with spikes
Assessing Cannibalization, intervention of new mobile app on monthly sales
Does correlation also mean the slope in regression analysis?
Coefficient standard error of zero in quantile regression
Pros of Jeffries Matusita distance
Question about the probability chain rule
Machine learning with weighted / complex survey data
Does it make sense to fit a Pareto Curve to sales data?
LIBSVM RBF kernel time complexity
Multinomial Naive Bayes performance with and without Bigrams/Stopwords
Creating data that follows a specific data distribution
How to analyse data from experiment?
If original data are available, should replication data be added and everything re-analysed (IPD) or is a meta-analysis better?
What to do AFTER nested cross-validation?
which statistics to use?
Feature selection: permutation test Vs deleting a variable
why feature scaling or weighting is important in surpervised learning?
How can I correct for residual autocorrelation in a fixed effect panel model?
Wilcoxon matched pair signed rank test after using CEM
Variance as a function of parameters
Data about the concentration of sulfur dioxide (linear regression)
Standard error of mean
does a log transformation of the dependent variable affect autocorrelation?
Random Forest mtry Question
Which test to use to measure if target has been met?
In a moving average model, how do I calculate the errors?
Likelihood Function for Complicated Transformations
Steps done in factor analysis compared to steps done in PCA
Random vector times random matrix
Conditional distribution of uniform random variable distributed over (0,1)
y-axis length for LOWESS curve in Stata
How to select a subset of variables from my original long list in order to perform logistic regression analysis?
Given the moment generating function of $X$, find the distribution of $X$
Are explanatory variables considered random in PCA?
Regarding the quantile regression via optimization approach
How many hypotheses? And secondary outcomes?
Use of standard error of the mean when the components are not identically-distributed
Regression Model - forcing a coefficient/effect to be 1
perfect collinearity among multiple continuous variables
Comparing AUC vs accuracy
Testing the random slope with correlated random effects
Difference between graphical model and markov chain
Comparing topic distributions between corpora using Latent Dirichlet Allocation and R topicmodels or python gensim
Variance of sample mean for dependent samples
Predicting variance of heteroscedastic data
Having a Neural Network recreate what it's learned
Confidence interval for Population proportion
Do significant control variables need to be eliminated from statistical analysis in general and SmartPLS specificly?
Estimating distribution of traffic across all Web pages
spatial-location/time-series prediction models
Find cumulative distribution function
larger sample size or more accurate measurement?
Standard deviation for a measurement that has two causes of uncertainty
Interpretation of two residual QQ plots from poisson regression
Dice probability - amount of hits in a pool
SUTSE DLM on daily mean water & air temperature TS
Variance of sample correlation coefficient
Feature selection with partial permutation
Creating observed/expected ratio using logistic regression
Intuitive explanation of integrate out random effect
Statistical test for spatial difference of incidents
Use of the Jeffreys prior in multidimensional models
Is there a decision-tree-like algorithm for unsupervised clustering?
Percentile Loss Functions
What is the likelihood of an observed standard deviation given a known normal distribution?
Literature on measuring speed and memory usage of software
Removing attributes with few observations in R
Dataset for Least Angle Regression
Average line over irregular log series data
Test statistic distribution in a cointegrating regression
Is ARIMA(1,0,0)+xreg for level shift the same as linear regression model with level shift adjustment and lag1 term?
Cluster Data based on Distribution
PyMC Robust Linear Regression with Measured Uncertainties
Using R, can I feed a set of inputs in to autofit a distribution and derive a cumulative distribution function given any value?
Non-Measure Theoretic Argument for Var(X) = 0 iff X is constant (X continuous RV)
Estimating Sample sizes for Null Hypothesis Testing
Covariates in Path model
Practical Implementation of Gibbs Sampling in Latent Diriclet Allocation
construct/load dataset that performs better with diffusion kernel than other kernel
Can you calculate a AIC value using the non-linear maximization (nlm) minimum value in R?
is it possible to check Czuprow's coefficient of the convergence in R package?
Missing at Random Data in GEE
How to deal with non-normal heterocedastic data from a factorial experiment?
statistical analysis of events in a given time interval
statistics t test sample size
How to fit a mixture of Gamma distributions to the PMF of a discrete distribution?
Loss function that relates ROPE with HDI?
Under what conditions should Likert scales be used as nominal data?
How to organise the variable names in R without messing up?
Cholesky decomposition and confidence ellipsoid
Issues with regression and prediction
Regression problem
What the dimension of an exponential family tell us about that family?
Normality Testing of Productivity Data
Injective uniform distribution on an n-sphere
Can time-invariant variables cause autocorrelation?
Model averaging effect sizes of Gamma family GLMs
How big is sufficient sample size?
Goodness of fit of linear model for Segmentation of GPS positions time series
Please help I am confused to decide which statistical test?
Why is least squares performing as well as ridge regression when there is multicollinearity?
Expectation of conditional normal distribution
SVM parameter selection and model testing with cross-validation
Predicting time series with OpenBUGS
Bayesian Learning with Dynamic Programming
Good (2d) visualization of a mixture model clustering
Are normally distributed X and Y more likely to result in normally distributed residuals?
Markov Chain exercise in an exam
What should I use - Multi label classification or Multi class classification?
What's the proper notation for a formula that includes values sampled from a distribution?
Can McNemar's test be improved upon by adjustments for zeros like those in a sign test?
Goodness of fit of an approximation of a PDF
Information gain is KL divergence
What does non-ergodicity mean for Bayesian statistics?
Reporting generalized linear model results
How-to: omit p-value and use N-P approach in practice?
Structural Equation Models (SEMs) versus Bayesian Networks (BNs)
Censored data when censoring time is uneven
In an experiment w/binomial responses, some subjects gave the same answer for all trials. [How] can a Mixed Effects model (R's lmer) deal with this?
Algorithms for data symmetrization
Getting heads in an infinite series of coin flips- certain or almost certain?
stochastic vs deterministic trend/seasonality in time series forecasting
How to interpret log-log regression coefficients for other than 1 or 10 percent change?
Test data distribution different than training data distribution
Binary linear SVM in terms of structured SVM
What is the appropriate statistical test for Presence/Absence over time
relationship between ARMA and AR
Statistical description of how two distributions are different
Time Series Forecasting vs Linear Regression Extrapolation
Probability density and distribution function
How to compare frequency distributions
Finding the sum of realizations of normal random variables equalling zero
How do we interpret model priors if models intersect?
Bias of Panel Generalization of Durbin-Watson
Synthetic Control Method
Calculating power for a survey to compare different metrics
Complete machine learning library for Java/Scala
Different hierarchical clustering results
Configural frequency analysis
Bootstrap test for correlation coefficient
Correcting data for heteroscedasticity in a regression model
Non parametric measure of strength of association between a discrete and a continuous random variable
Online estimation of quartiles without storing observations
Feature / attribute selection for k-means or other clustering
Two Way ANOVA repeated measurement
find the point at which the curve significantly shoots up
Leave one out cross validation for rare events logistic regression in SPSS
income elasticity + regression + household survey data
Sample data from combination of two probability distributions
What method(s) should I use to achive statistical ranking?
Independent event proof
Distribution of number of values less than cutoff within symmetric Dirichlet
Probability that a sample mean is between two values using Central Limit Theorem
Estimating auto-correlation with unequally spaced data
probability distribution for heavy zero, right skewed data
impossible distribution statistics?
Multivariate normal with multivariate normal mean
Conditional distribution of serial correlated errors
If coefficient variance is incorrect (for a regression parameter), does that mean the model's log-likelihood is incorrect?
In SPSS, how to compare two scatterplots of separate bivariate data to determine if the distributions are similar or not similar?
Hypothesis testing for multiple choice quiz
predicting manufacturing survival time
When forecasting sequential data is it best to use auto-regressive models or build a more traditional n x p dataset with features?
Significant result in multivariate table?
How to Test Independence of Poisson Variables?
Error Bars for Monte Carlo Experiment
Regression coefficients with longitudinal data yields different results in R and SAS
Why use G-test and the likes for AB testing at all?
My distribution is normal; Kolmogorov-Smirnov test doesn't agree
Probability exercise
Comparing Gini coefficient of 2 distributions
Fisher Exact Test Correlation Value
Spearman's rank correlation max number of respondents?
How do I compute the density of this distribution
Truncate lognormal distribution with excel
Equivalent definitions of a sufficient statistic
Why is an ARMA model a parsimonous approximation of an AR model?
Justification for the Bootstrap Percentile Interval
Distribution of longest streak of consecutive (non-)birthdays in birthday problem
Factors contained in the unobserved effect?
Bayes Rule. Given I flipped 10 heads in a row, what is likelihood I own a double headed coin?
How can I 'dodge' the position of geom_point in ggplot2?
Comparing slopes in mixed-effect model
Prove expression for variance AR(1)
Confidence interval for a proportion estimated through stratified sampling
How do i estimate the Weights of the predictions assigned to each of the tree in GBM using R? How does GBM split nodes?
Internal validation via bootstrap: What ROC curve to present?
what is K in fourier function of R
Convenience sampling - Distribution forcing?
Is it still meaningfull to watch the coeffiecent(s) of a regression equation even when it/they is/are not significant?
A fair coin is tossed until a head comes up for the first time. The probability of this happening on an odd number toss is?
How was this deviance formula for Cox Proportional Hazard derived?
Calculating sample size with unknown standard deviation
Is one-way ANOVA appropriate for comparing differences in (calendar) monthly means?
How to calculate the covariance between two observations of the same variable?
Is random forest applied only to continuous response variable?
What is the equivalent of a repeated ANOVA using a mixed effect model with lme?
Running a t-test on different (sub?)sets [survey logic]
Estimates from a log-linear regression model
First order autocorrelation of a certain AR process
Exponential upper bound
How do I know which method of cross validation is best?
Heteroskedasticity in residuals vs. fitted plot
Correct way to write values which have a certainty of 95 percent?
is Julian day a count data or a continous data
How to interpret the tau statistics in the Mann-Kendall test
Heuristics for unsupervised or semi-supervised approaches to GIS coordinate data
How to find optimal values for the tuning parameters in boosting trees ?
Machine learning algorithms to handle missing data
Principled approach for PCA on correlated variables?
How to construct a reasonable prior and likelihood for Bayes modelling?
Selecting number of clustering classes automatically
Soccer game outcome, are chances equal between win/loss/tie?
Why is the marginal liklihood term(the denominator) in Bayes' updation not a function of theta(parameters)?
how can i deal with this problems?(WinBUGS trap message: Undefined real result (Latent analysis model analysis)
Are world cup predictions testable?
How to predict success rates using historical data over time
hypothesis testing in hierarchical trees
Possible to calculate AIC from $r^2$, $\sigma$ and/or p-value for $r^2$
Online model training in R, without a static data
Meaning of 'number of parameters' in AIC
Generalized linear model with lasso regularization for continuous non-negative response
What is the meaning of $A(B^2)$ interaction in a 3 level factorial with 2 factors $A$ and $B$, when the factors are qualitative?
Does Box-Cox parameter estimation count towards parameters for AIC?
How to compare means of repeated measures between groups in SPSS
Question about Hybrid Monte Carlo
What would be an ideal measure for the synchrony of laughter?
How to find significant difference in a group/ ANOVA
Testing for heteroscedasticity with many observations
How many digits make sense for cross-validation?
How to measure dispersion of a single point within a group of points
Forecasting: Different Model for 1 month, 2 month, 6 month forecasts?
How to include 29 colleges as an independent variable in logistic regression
Randomly sample bounds from many multi-dimensional points
Explain intuition regarding probability of next flip when tossing a fair coin
What methodology should I choose? If hiearchical, what model design?
Explanation of a censored regression model
Chi Square Test - Goodness of fit to test significance of incomplete system
Where does the bootstrap beat the classical estimates?
Creating a model for prices including supply
How to visualize the effect of a regression parameter
Zero-inflated continuous covariates, Can they cause problems in logistic regression?
Analyzing Difference in Change between two groups with unpaired samples
F test to test equality of variance
When are Bayesian methods preferable to Frequentist?
Inverse prediction of percentile
Compare rows across columns - classic ANOVA?
Random variable as a function
Do kernel methods scale with the amount of data?
Why does a binomial glm give negative predictions?
Should IDs be nominal factors or text?
How to statistically test upper bound
Correlation definition between two set
Calculation of confidence interval for estimation of demand curve - how many degrees freedom?
Random Forest regression model in R and data overfitting
Time series, x-y coordinates, regression, R
structural breaks in time series using matlab
Understanding PCA - How to calculate scores
Recognize spatio-temporal patterns correlating with events
Remedial-level help needed on repeated measures analysis in R
WinBUGS sript: display correlation
2x2 ANOVA, no main/interaction effects, post-hoc cell mean comparisons necessary/allowed?
What is the difference between (universal) kriging and spatial autoregressive models?
How to estimate the point of divergence between two continuous time survival curves?
How to make use of known constants when modeling from data?
Simplex Random Walk Mean
K-means cluster Analysis and 4-point Likert Scales
What is the relationship between scale reliability measures (Cronbach's alpha etc.) and component/factor loadings?
Simulating Multinomial Logit Data with R
How can I include random effects into a randomForest
Percentage outcomes in linear regressions
Are there concerns with doing a generalized additive model with a smoothing term of multiple variables?
fitdistr loglik in R
Treating numerals/cardinals in Bag of Words (BOW) model
online semi-supervised learning with incomplete input data
One-way Chi-Square goodness of fit and Cramér's V
Need clarity on alpha, beta, gamma optimization in Triple Exponential Smoothing Forecast
Linear Regression With Groups vs. Points - Issue with Influence of Zeros
What's the proper way to do automatic iterative outlier rejection?
Probabilistic Output from AVA (Multi-class) Classifier
How to compare the positive predictive value and negative predictive value of two diagnostic tests?
Q-Q plot and KS test
Extract (ultrametric) distances from hclust or dendrogram
Maximum likelihood estimation for state space models using BFGS
Is this longitudinal data too complicated for GLMM or GEE?
What's the sample size required to confirm that two treatments are identical?
mixed model: is it primarily used for prediction or explanation or both?
Reverse AUC interpretation
Creating a composite rank of restaurants with some missing data
GAM with negative binomial and temporal autocorrelation
Is it meaningful to calculate Pearson or Spearman correlation between two Boolean vectors?
How does eigenvalues work with binary data in redundancy analysis?
Using pooled OLS when running a model with panel data?
Variance component analysis with lme4
Oversampling with categorical variables
Use of nested cross-validation
are non-parametric methods well-defined?
Regression analysis when the covariables is a sample from a population of potential variables
Kolmogorov–Smirnov with perturbation
Do you have recommendations for books to self-teach Applied Statistics at the graduate level?
Contour lines by joining a set of 2D ordered points without line intersection
Sum of two generalized Laplace (or Gaussian) variables
Computing inverse probability weights -- conditional (multivariate) density estimation?
Chi-squared test and binomial distribution
How to get confidence on classification predictions with multi-class Vowpal Wabbit
Hypothesis testing with interval as null hypothesis
ANCOVA: Calculate $\omega^2$ for two factorial design
Testing specific categories after Fisher's exact test in 2 x k tables
What is lag length?
Is our queue processing speeding up?
Do you need justification to transform non-normal data
$R^2$ correspondence for nonlinear time series
Why are BCa bootstrap confidence intervals second order exact?
Predicting zeros with count data model
What does Conditioning on the margins of ____ mean?
Is the statistical significance of a regression meaningful if it has poor out of sample performance?
Is there a formal name for this data normalization formula?
Comparing ROC-curves
Hypothesis testing of significance of least squares predictor: Two methods?
glmnet cross-validation without intercept
Aggregation of random samples
Time Series on Oil Filter Pressure
Need reasons or references on small p-values with large data sets
How to calculate degrees of freedom for chi squared test
Using two one variable linear regressions on a single response variable to compare explanatory variables
How to apply feature selection based on tf-idf threshold
Estimate median from mean, std dev, and/or range
Why is the true (test) error rate of any classifier 50%?
Wild Bootstrap F-test
Discrete uniform random variable(?) taking all rational values in a closed interval
Why doesn't Wilks' 1938 proof work for misspecified models?
Simulate censored data cox model
Does it matter than the difference between two parameters on the logit scale doesn't map to their difference on probabilty scale?
Intercept from standardized coefficients in logistic regression
How to deal with neural networks when the data is unbalanced (but unlimited)?
Regression when the value of one independent variable is dependent on another independent variable
Imputing missing observation in multivariate time series
Constructing a discrete r.v. having as support all the rationals in $[0,1]$
Clarification of an equality involving conditioning
Significance of Spatial Data
Random forest cross validation for feature selection, imbalanced datasets
Questionnaire design - Agree/Disagree scale
Estimating Uniform distribution endpoints using data with errors
Unexplained symmetry when computing Power Spectral Density of white noise
Ways to understand 2-dimensional time-series data
Books for learning non parametric Bayesian model
Identifying correlated random effects in a mixed model, using lme4 in R
Repeated measures ANOVA with missing data
Bandits with mixed reward processes?
Hypothesis Testing of endpoint of Uniform distribution
expected shortfall and value-at-risk
Correlation Matrix in an Event History Analysis - 11 years - 25 Variables
Concentration inequality of weighted sum of random variables given a tail inequality
Robust estimation of kurtosis?
R multcomp: contrasts for Tukey
Reproduce a confidence interval of linear regression in Excel
Can one perform trend analysis with ANOVA?
Left skewed distribution implementation generalized linear model
Location test of the ratios of random variables
resampling / simulation methods: monte carlo, bootstrapping, jackknifing, cross-validation, randomization tests, and permutation tests
How to deal with outlier in the experiment
Conditional Expectation via Integral over Quantile Function
Using R's prop.test function to compare subsets of a population
Any alternative way to compute standard errors for maximum likelihood estimates?
Estimating means of correlated distributions with long tails
Have population, use inferential statistics? Also, non-normal dependent variable, what to do?
What is the correct way to deal with multiple fixed effects when dealing with a large number of observations in panel data regression?
What is meant by binary images of handwritten digits?
Regression analysis with binary independent variables
Bayesian model with unknown mean and variance with lognormal prior
huge sample sizes and null hypothesis testing
Is there ever a reason not to use orthogonal polynomials when fitting regressions?
Cophenetic distance matrix to a dendrogram
HMM library, different length sequences training
Stock Returns Covariance Prediction - Number of Principal Components
R Kernel Density Plots - Weird Proportions
What is the difference between a parametric test and non-parametric tests?
How to interpret constant with different dummy interaction terms?
Probability distribution for right skewed data
What is the correct term for testing a classification method on different subsets of the same data
How to: repeated measures anova and Friedman's test with multiple imputations for missing data
Analysing regression results
Overfitting in Genetic Programming
'Panel' data without unit identifier
Match Right Skewed Distribution to Normal
Evaluating Proportional Hazards with time-dependent variables
If X and Y are correlated, but Y and Z are independent, is X and Z always independent?
Recovery of Standard Errors of Random Effects in Lmer
What to do with coefficients of log-transformed predictors in meta regression of effect sizes?
How to transform an outcome which censored from both sides?
How to refer to AIC model-averaged parameters and confidence intervals
Limiting expression for Power law tail index from a quantile function?
Design matrix versus contrast matrix
Relation between Gaussian mixture models and maximum likelihood?
Long tail of pareto vs. pearson IV distribution
Can you do change of variables with quantiles? i.e. from quantile for the CDF $F(x)$ , get quantile for the CDF $F(x)^{\kappa}$?
Logistic Regression doesn't converge if I use a particular baseline
How to conduct the two sample test with extra data to eliminate between-subjects variability
How to handle with missing values in order to prepare data for feature selection with LASSO?
Is it wrong to use line plots for discrete data?
Open, multi-class , active learning classfiers
Is lm.morantest valid on residuals from geeglm fit of binary data?
Type-1 Error of the Two-Stage Design
How to scale data in a log-lin regression
Why does $r^2$ between two variables represent proportion of shared variance?
Does lots of bias==underfitting, while lots of variance==overfitting?
recommendations to analyze a survey of the entire sample frame with a 20% response rate
How do I perform an IDF calculation?
Efficient solution of fmincg without providing gradient?
How to create appropriate number of data points that would be accurate enough for creating regression equations?
Fitting curved lines to scatterplots in R
Symmetry of a distribution
Weighted gamma Weibull distribution
Better goodness-of-fit tests than chi squared for histogram modeling?
Average of percentile ranks
Solutions to exercises in Nelsen's “An Introduction to Copulas”
Interpreting the mathematical formula of a mixed effect model
Should I log transform my volatility variable?
Approximate the distribution of the sum of ind. Beta r.v
Probability function of number of fails to first success
Why likelihood is not always a density function?
Why would anyone use KNN for regression?
Whitening Transformation using a Hadamard product Variance Matrix
Is $H=\min(t_1,...,t_n)$ a Copula?
Taking into account Bayesian model uncertainty
Is this normal to have big value of Chi Squared?
Best Multiple Imputation Method for Multiple Surveys Mixed Together, Presented Randomly?
Probability function of three Random Variables multiplied, solidifying intuition
Bayesian bandits with delayed rewards
Cross validating quantile regression
Using repeated measures anova: Am I right?
Non-central scaled Student's t cumulative density function required (alternatively the pdf)
Are there any good publicly accessible wisdom of crowd data sets?
What is the difference between loadings and correlation loadings in pca and pls?
Estimate power for linear model with Bernoulli-distributed error
GEV of Normal Distribution and relationship of the parameters
Crosscorrelation of stochastic process
Statsmodels OLS and MSE
Is there a stats tool for this analysis I run in excel?
How to Implement an Empirical Bayes Analysis in BUGS/JAGS/Stan
Chi Square Analysis Percentages
strucchange package on ARIMA model
Finding a subset of the data in which two variables are independent
Help in convolution operation
What does it mean to integrate over the posterior?
What is the best way to Reshape/Restructure Data?
Power of maximum likelihood parameter estimates for a linear model
check for players undergoing the maximum/minimum change in time course data?
Outlier detection using regression
Proof of conditional probability
Covariance of random vector multiplied with a random matrix
Testing a 2D point cloud for banana shape
Evidence of collinearity, yet significant coefficients – is this a problem?
Probability of x between two random variables
Residual autocorrelation in Poisson (Neg.Bin) models - Durbin Watson test
Poisson regression on the means of count data
Conditional variance model with external regressors
Model speedup using weights in R
RandomForest: how to use a person_id and company_id attribute in machine learning
Sybil detection metric
Interaction in stepwise regression analysis
Scale of variables and the consequences on the solution
Matrix Factorization algorithms for Recommender Systems
Image processing with neural network
Assigning meaningful cluster name automatically
How to reduce number of points for clustering
Product of Gamma by Beta rv
Ratio of correlated sample variances (gamma distributed)
Outlier problems
Naive Bayes: Imbalanced Dataset in Real-time Scenario
Why do we use GLM?
What is the justification for unsupervised discretization of continuous variables?
What is the meaning of a large p-value?
Using regression to prove that X is a necessary / condition condition for Y
Is it ok to transform a logarithm variable to z score
Error in adding interaction in Cox model?
How accurate is F test in panel data
Library for using plates in bayesian networks
How do MCMC methods allow the estimation of the posterior distribution in this example?
Comparing proportions in the same sample
Autocorrelation of convolution integral
Understanding R lm function (weighted) – coefficients not defined due to singularities
What type of Research Design?
Finding analytic form for distributions using linear regression, need ideas
Covariance update from Jacobian of transition function
How to cure Poor Fit Indices for CFA?
How to estimate a dynamic Tobit model
Analysis of proportions over time
How to apply Maximum Entropy principle to classify a continuous data set?
How to compare time series with cyclical data, and describe any changes or trends
When can a pilot sample be included in the main study?
Estimation in Naive Bayes
Understanding the Chi-squared test and the Chi-squared distribution
F-test and F-distribution
Difficulty identifying diminishing returns from additional SKUs
Is it possible to fit a Graded Response Model in Stata?
Picking socks probability proof
Removing insignificant variables?
In a linear regression, how do I find the predictor for which the response is zero?
Showing characteristic function is absolutely continuous
how to calculate relative contribution from standard beta estimate and how to interpret it?
A critical proof or counterexample regarding independence
What is the most likely meaning of a confidence interval?
Skills hard to find in machine learners?
Random Forest - how to know if variables affect positively or negatively
Calculate a 95% confidence interval and p-value for the change in C-statistic using bootstrap with R
Why isn't bayesian statistics more popular for statistical process control?
Inputs to k-means are often normalized per-feature. Why not fully whiten the data instead?
How do I deal with asynchronous data in financial time series?
The idea of making the data have a zero-mean
Law of total probability on conditional
creating multiple categorical variable with specified degree of association (correlation) matrix
Characterizing trend of time series in R
Basic Rules of Probability
Interpreting the ANOVA output for hierarchical linear regression
Dummy variable that is a sub-category of another dummy variable
ARIMA - SARIMAX modelling with R
Determining Whether Values Within One Standard Deviation Meet Some Condition
Longitudinal item response theory models in R
How do I test whether two regressions lines cross at y = 0?
MLE2 (in R): I can't find the right starting values
Can I use logistic regression when my IV is dichotomous but my DV is continuous?
Generalized linear model: link function Power(-1)
How to promote a regression tree over a GLM?
Visualize effects of a regression with categorical explanatory variables (3 levels) in R?
Does a high value for covariance suggest a strong relationship?
Descriptive statistics show more than 100%
Rectifier function of random variable
Find rows in data that are statistically different from the mean
Way to Measure Groupings Using Distances Between Individuals?
How to code binary (0/1) predictor variables in regression? Numeric versus factor
Best approximation of binomial distribution
Estimate Mean and Standard Deviation from Percentiles
what does an actual vs fitted graph tell us?
Why does R's lm() return different coefficient estimates than my textbook?
SPSS GENLINMIXED for crossed groups
Continuous bounded unimodal distribution with desired properties
Expectation related to a multivariate normally distributed random vector
ECDF [skewed] distribution, wish to mean adjust to .5
Nonlinear regression
regularized loss function
What are the odds of drawing 7 cards that end up sequential - from a 52 card deck? (7 card poker straight)
Characteristic function of $Y=X_1X_2$, where $X_1$ and $X_2$ are standard normal
Standard Error of the Correlation Coefficient
How to test if two populations have the same demographics?
How to deal with unbalanced data
Relative importance of variables?
Comprehending output from mediation analysis in R
Unstable models, repeated crossvalidation, feature selection
Deviation from Gaussian smoothed curve and relation of its derivatives to the results
When should a weighted KNN be used (or not)?
Explanation of order of integration in the context of cointegration
Estimates of regression coefficients are uncorrelated?
Correct approach for performing retrospective A/B testing on existing data
Hold-out Validation vs K-Fold Validation?
Multiple Imputations exclude not applicable
numerical measure for an ordered list
Estimating the non- parametric conditional probability
OLS regression - robust estimates for parameter's variance
Maximum likelihood estimation for mixed Poisson and Gaussian data
STRING KERNELS FOR LIBSVM
Dirichlet sample by normalising Gamma RVs
Is this the definition of over-fitting?
Acronyms to use for Bayesian posterior predictive distribution estimators
When is it a good idea to just use the average for imputation?
Why is this likelihood function equal to the noise PDF?
How to calculate CDF of g(X)
Predicting Rank of Google Result
Has the parameter $\frac{1}{\sqrt{2(n-1)}}$ a name?
On tests for correlation in case of bivariate observations
What is the training score used for?
Simple Question regarding t-tests
Latent Dirichlet Allocation in PyMC
Why does Ridge Regression work well in the presence of multicollinearity?
Required: Method of moments fitting routine for the two-parameter generalized Pareto
Model Tuning and Model Evaluation in Machine Learning
How to do the prediction with text mining and rating score?
Absolute variable as dependent variable
Is there a measure of association for a nominal DV and an interval IV?
Is it possible to determine the probability of NOT reaching a state in a FSA ?
GARCH(1,1) Implementation question
What does the parameter $\alpha$ do in the Jaccard method for binaryRatingsMatrix in R recommenderlab?
Issues with fitting distribution to heavy-tailed data
Gibbs sampling versus general MH-MCMC
How to model a multiplicative effect of a parameter
Determining parameters (p, d, q) for ARIMA modeling
Best metric for evaluation of mixture-of-Gaussian clusters on big-data
Scale parameter MLE scheme known but how to find according distribution PDF?
What is Affine Transformation?
What statistical test to use for A/B test?
burn in for Metropolis Hastings MCMC
Example of a subset of $\mathbb{R}$ which is not measurable?
Zero inflated negative binomial with selection
Test whether time of maximum differs across two groups
Plotting the decision boundary of a kernel SVM (RBF)
Random Forest checklist
Question about standard deviation and central limit theorem
Why do means&error bars in an ANOVA graph depend on the factors and covariates that define it?
Detecting Outliers in Time Series (LS/AO/TC) using tsoutliers package in R. How to represent outliers in equation format?
K-fold or hold-out cross validation for ridge regression using R
Is it possible in R (or in general) to force regression coefficients to be a certain sign?
What are real strengths of association when using Pearson correlation?
pairing algorithm in R
Running simulated annealing optimization multiple times and averaging results?
What are the Mild Regularity Conditions in the context of GEEs?
Estimating Poisson process intensity using GLM
Multiple Logistic regression with binary random variables
Goodness of fit for orthogonal least square regression
Method to compare ratings from multiple different sources with missing data
Modelling a variable that is both categorical and continious
Testing significance of correlation between two autocorrelated series
Bayesian alternative or complement to the Student t-test
When is Maximum Likelihood the same as Least Squares
modeling changing items in market basket analysis
Does the formula $X|(Y,Z) =(X|Y)|(Z|Y)$ hold?
When should I use each of these methods to calculate correlation?
How to calculate mean on group statistics
Analysis of ordinal data with multiple assessments per unit... the right approach?
Confusion related to posterior gaussian process
Effect of using regressor with low variance in a fixed effects regression
Distribution of the Rayleigh quotient
Three-prisoner problem and Bayes rule
Quantitative method to determine necessary and sufficient causes
On the connection between SSE and absolute deviation from the centroids
Consequences of modeling a non-stationary process using ARMA?
Can AUC decrease with additional variables?
Characteristic Function proof
What is the difference between a loss function and decision function
How to estimate similarity between several probability distributions?
Principal component regression analysis using SPSS
Prove that $E[g(X)] = \int_{-\infty}^{\infty}G(t)\phi(t) dt$
correlation of two sums of random variables
If summarizing stats from multiple models is it meaningful to report a mean AIC?
How to perform a bivariate regression using pairwise deletion of missing values in R?
What statistics algorithm should be used to identify why something is increasing?
Why could mean centering change results
Is $F(E[Y_n]) \approx E[F(Y_n)]$ a reasonable approximation?
latent variables versus model parameters
R and SPSS differences in pca loadings
$\alpha,\beta\ge 1$ in a Beta distribution. What does it imply for the mean and variance?
Errors in fitting a censored quantile regression model
Kruskal-Wallis test for factorial design
Probability distribution with standard deviation proportional to mean
Establishing significance levels post-hoc
Unsupervised Random Forest for Visual Codebook generation
Permutation Analysis using unequal samples
Computation of parameters of truncated normal distribution
MANOVA for mixed model with multiple repeated measurements
Parameter estimation based on MLE estimate of another parameter
Can Fisher's exact test accept a 'vector of probabilities'?
Better prediction models with polling data?
Lagged Dependents
Sum of Dependent Poisson Random Variables
Coefficient of Determination: For the perimeter and area of a square: Why different?
Where did the words bias and variance come from?
Is it true that values of parameters do not vary from sample to sample?
Distribution from $\lim{T\to\infty}\int_{-T}^{T}\phi(t) dt = 2$
If a random variable V is independent of two independent random variables X and Y, how to prove that V is independent of X + Y?
A question on discriminant analysis- Linear discriminant function
Showing characteristic function is infinitely differentiable
Do coefficients of logistic regression have a meaning?
Polynomial Contrasts for Regression
simulate ANOVA data to follow a specific eta-squared
Multiple comparison on subgroups and overall comparison
What is the Probability Distribution of NLTK Naive Bayes?
Limits of zero-inflated negative binomial in % of zeroes
Individual and overall RMSE for multivariate data
Given $N$ samples from $p(x|y=y_0)$ how can I infer $y_0$?
Tail probabilities of multivariate normal distribution
sum of correlation coefficients and correlation coefficient of product
Approximate a product of Beta PDFs with another Beta PDF
Gaussian Naive Bayes really equivalent to GMM with diagonal covariance matrices?
SPSS cslogistic note
Is there a name for this process/ distribution?
Why are linear SVMs used with HoG feature descriptors?
Minimum sample size for a dichotomous outcome
Questions about G*Power
Geweke diagnostic of a Markov chain: why does the first window have to cover the burn-in?
Squared random variable $X^2$ vs $X\times X$
Whether lead content readings follow a Normal distribution or not
Help finding method of estimating regression parameters for a given performance
How do I test differences in reaction times?
How to prune a decision tree properly in R
Effective ways to display confusion matrices from different predictors in an academic publication?
Extracting decision function variable from libsvm
Fast Kendall Tau in Matlab (and if necessary another language)
Model selection in offline vs. online learning
Estimating a first order plus dead time model
Simulating Convergence in Probability to a constant
2x2 ANOVA - assess violations of homoscedasticity & normality
Factor analysis - CATPCA combined with conventional PCA
Extract Random Effects from plm model
Prerequisites for AIC/BIC model comparison
R: Which distribution to use with gbm for gamma distributed data?
What regression model to use when independent variables are percentages to predict % outcome?
Simulate a random number of sums of random variables?
Extracting data from bivariate vs multivariate analyses for the purposes of meta-analysis
Variance of sample mean in a binomial distribution
GLM analogue of weighted least squares
Test if advertising raised sales?
Regression on a non-normal dependent variable?
Calculate that at least n number of x values occur from multinomial distribution
Test to determine preferential distribution of samples in two groups
Is the beta distribution really better than the normal distribution for testing the difference of two proportions?
Check if a certain procedure is random or not
Convert z-scores to percentile rank
Expected number of trials to get 6 linearly independent vectors
Logistic / multinomial regression as two / multiple Poisson regressions?
Interaction effects in big data sets
World Cup: Is it worth to bet each match twice?
I don't understand the figure output from package lme4 in R using the effects library?
Logistic Regression Model Validation
Repeating many ANOVA tests with a large number of factors
Logistic sample and case numbers
How to solve this two point boundary value problem (TPBVP)? (ideally with bvpSolve)
Under what conditions will Kullback-Leibler divergence/mutual information be infinity?
Anderson-Darling test in 2D time series
Test whether there is a significant difference between two groups
GLM with data piled up at zero
How can one construct a cumulative probability distribution function from 2 others?
Asymptotic distribution of sample variance of non-normal sample
Estimating adjusted risk ratios in binary data using Poisson regression
Which Xcorr to choose in a concrete situation: normalized/not, biased/unbiased?
which test can be used for testing if the week over week increase/decrease is significant
Timeseries: Find points deviating from the mean
Forecasting using auto.arima
Methods to determine reliability of measurements using median and median absolute deviation
Properly interpret the alpha / beta parameters in the Beta Distribution
Combine variables that are extremely lightly populated?
forecast improvement using Kalman FIlter clearing
Comparing regression outputs for different response variables
Using first differenced variables in fixed effects model
How to perform a meta regression with a random effect model?Which model should I use?How to start? (beginner)
exercise in probability
Is it possible to use the Breusch-Pagan Lagrange multiplier test (xttest0) in Stata for unbalanced data?
How can I create a scatterplot in R using the plot function to control for covariates?
Predictive analysis of data using R
How can I constrain the coefficients from linear regression to sum to a given value (in R)?
Methods to analyze a cross-over interaction between a factor and a continuous variable?
Testing significance for pairwise Kaplan-Meier survival analysis between groups and pooled data
Calculating Bias from bivariate data
Additive vs Multiplicative decomposition
Looking for definition: Granger Causality with a common explanatory process
Error on extrapolated values from a fitted function
Studentized residual distribution
Can I hypothesise an insignificant mediation? (Very basic stats)
Logistic regression model fit assessment
Difference between standard deviation and standard deviate
random forest and prediction
Why is a Pearson correlation of ranks valid despite normality assumption?
Non-constant standard deviation in residuals
Estimating ARMA equation using lm() in R
multiple choice data simple logistic regression or multinomial logistic regression
After install a package in R do we need to require all the time?
Mixed variable, joint distribution, How do we know which one is continuous distribution, which one is discrete
The efficiency of Decision Tree
Structural break test on an arma model any statistical software packages
Representing a distance matrix in the plane
Understanding ROC curve[edited]
Integrating an empirical CDF
Nonparametric ANOVA with interaction?
Feature selection : how to select the Information Gain threshold?
Multinomial logistic regression low classification rate
How to implement a 2-D Gaussian Processes Regression through GPML (MATLAB)?
Avoid local minima in kmeans
Poisson probability of observing at least one zero out of k independent cases
Predicting the Success of a tweet
Gibbs sampling for correlated random variables
Estimating Parameters of truncated generalized pareto distribution by probability weighted moments
Cross-Validation vs. AICc for LASSO
Suitable plot for 5 dimensional feature vectors?
theoretical concerns in logistic regression
Comparing Multivariate Means
Proof of Point-Biserial Correlation being a special case of Pearson Correlation
How to prepare interactions of categorical variables in scikit-learn?
Significance test between two samples when positions matter
Probability mass function of the sample mean
Does anyone know how to make this infograph with R?
Stochastic Programming with MCMC
Finding the uncertainty in a Binomial probability estimate
What is the difference between a learner and classifier in supervised learning?
First Differences and Fixed Effects
Understanding repeated covariance types in SPSS?
How to perform seasonal adjustment to a time series?
Q-learners with discretised Q-values
Cluster Analysis Sample Size for Diss Proposal
Are best linear unbiased predictions (BLUPs) a good indicator of the mean value for that random effect member?
Not normalizing data before PCA gives better explained variance ratio
Constructing Counterfactuals and Estimating Prevalence
Showing $ λ_V(x) \leq min\{λ_1(x),\cdots,λ_n(x)\}$ Hazard function
History: the role of statistics in astronomy
Example of how the log-sum-exp trick works in Naive Bayes
Forecasting a time series with weights
Why will a random forest not outperform a regression tree?
Dealing with non-normal distribution in big datasets, when do we throw out the CLT?
Impractically long running time PCA command in R RStudio
How to speed up Kernel density estimation
Cramer-Rao bound for $\chi^2$ distribution parameter estimates
What to Do When a Log-binomial Model's Convergence Fails
Repeated measures paired test
Cumulative Hazard Function where status is dependent on time
Calculation of relative information gain for multiple splits in decision trees
Best transformation for sinuous data sets?
Identify points significantly outside a regression model
Which clustering technique to use for a temporal dataset?
How to distance and to MDS-plot objects according their complex shape
Relation between variational Bayes and EM
Measuring goodness of fit for mixed logistic regression model - inconsistent results from R squared and AUC
How do I vizualize long tails of factor levels?
Residual plot for nonlinear regression
Geometric interpretation of penalized linear regression II
Power calculation; determine required difference in means
How to rigorously test if variables are drawn from a certain distribution
Likert item as independent variable for ANOVA?
Running R caret in Python script
Calculate prediction errors of binary model: What's a good way?
Accuracy of Laplace approximation of posterior density
What regression model to use for a binary predictor and continuous outcome
Rolling Window Forecasts in R
Nonparametric test for largely skewed count data
Why cannot a sample of voluntary patients be generalized?
Bias of estimating a Ratio?
Elastic net package for mixed effects models?
Good Reading/Bibliography
How to design an energy function in a factor graph model?
How to calculate Estimated Arithmetic Mean for a lognormal distribution
For data reduction, what is this technique called?
Mean versus imputation for missing data in the case of an ordinal scale
Confidence interval for the standard deviation of a Normal distribution with known mean
Sum of normal truncated random variables
Would two different pivotal quantities of the same parameter give the same confidence interval?
Ordinal Logistic Regression with a Different Link Function
Detecting changepoint in ratio of rates of two Poisson processes
using Root Mean Squared Error (RMSE) to compare models with different sample size
Counterpart of Chow test for Least absolute deviations (regression analysis)
Need to find appropriate statistical test for a longitudinal intervention study
Weighted piecewise regression to model proportion?
Extreme Value Theory - Show: Normal to Gumbel
Is p-value also the false discovery rate?
difference in pre and post populations
How we can draw an ROC curve for decision trees?
How do you calculate the statistical significance of a correlation between $Y$ and $X$?
Which non-parametric test should I run on ordinal data from a small sample?
Multiple regression analysis with spatial data as independent variable
Bootstrapping a MST in R
How to calculate SD of sample for one new observation?
F-ratio in repeated-measures ANOVA
Weighted least squares
Extreme Value Theory: Lognormal GEV parameters
Understanding $\chi^{2}$ and Cramér's $V$ results
Mean number of samples before out of control in p-chart
What are some multivariate models with feature interactions
Appropriate way to treat [0,1]-distributed variables in HLM
How would one formally prove that the OOB error in random forest is unbiased?
goodness of fit in (prospective) relative risk regression
Outlet for short communication
Show Regression with Arima Errors Equivalent Form of Differenced Variables
Can First Differencing Cause Negative Serial Correlation
How to reduce the dimension of $10^8$ vectors
Clustering binary categorical data
Interpreting fixed effects coefficients with categorical independent variables
Is a one sample t test the right approach for this question?
N-sigma curves for a non-linear least square curve fit
What are the chances of something *not* occurring?
Probability usage in a customer event
Data transformation and confidence intervals for mean difference
How to report log linear models of contigency tables
Doing post-hoc after a not significant interaction in mixed ANOVA
Which test to use to compare means of groups with overlapping data?
How to analyze survival data with possible temporal dependencies
The usage of data mining in pharmaceutical companies?
R square test in matlab
When should I use FDR or Bonferroni in multiple comparisons?
Identify significant deviations (gaps) of points in a 2-D distribution
Implementing nominal model from Polytomous Item Response Theory
What transformations preserve the von Mises distribution?
Relationship between paired t test and simple mixed model
Sum of Beta-Bernoulli variables
Logistic regression relationship identification
Data on a circle - testing if points are close to another given point
Limited dependent variable → ordered probit model with Stata
How to deal with bouts of equilibrium in an online learning setting?
How to calculate the scale parameter of a Cauchy random variable
Proper Number of Clicks for Conversion Rate Testing
Estimating the difference between two functions
Maximum Entropy Model for classification, what to use as context & feature?
What econometric model to forecast a seasonal commodity demand while incorporating exogenous Information?
Reference request: local limit theorem for log-concave densities
Best way to turn a date into a numerical feature?
Analyzing change in categorical data with age
How can I detect spurious regressions results?
Averaging binomial confidence intervals
Is KNN a discriminative learning algorithm?
How to combine distributions
determing states in HMM with BIC
How to interpolate (spline, LOESS, etc.) with a mix of critical and non-critical points
Can time be squared to develop a curvilinear model of crop yield against time?
How to visualize a range (min/med/max)?
Basic 2SLS IV Questions in Stata
Approximation of logarithm of standard normal CDF for x<0
PDF for ratio of Dirichlet
Is using deciles to find correlation a statistically valid approach?
How to visualize a lot (>1k) of time spans?
Regression that creates $x \log(x)$ functions?
How to explain borderline p-values to non-stats people
Using bootstrap to compare two ensemble correlations
Estimate ARMA coefficients through ACF and PACF inspection
Plotting a ragged array - a list of vectors in R
Statistical test on pairs of percentages
Creating classification features from wavelet transformed time series
UMVUE for normal distribution $\sigma$
R-squared for linear mixed effects model
Non linear regression in R Exponential curve fitting
How to use a parametric statistical test with R?
How to find the $(a_n,b_n)$ for extreme value theory
Predicting on data consisting of many independent short time series?
What would be an effective strategy to correlate congressional attendance and precipitation?
Get fitted values estimated in ARIMA in Matlab
Predicting the missing data out of three values in each of the two vectors
Statistical Power of ROC/AUC Test with non-IID Samples :: To how many IID Samples are my non-IID Samples Equivalent?
Nested ANOVA in SPSS / Science Education
How to get rid of bias in data?
Reducing high dimensionality as well as feature selection on multivariate time series
visualizing orientation (zenith and azimuth) data (e.g. with a circular or spherical histogram)?
glm or glmm model with unequal variance
Do I run a one-tailed or two-tailed test when running Spearman's correlation between interval and ordinal data?
How to analyze multiple variable time series - suggest references
Is two-factor ANOVA without replication appropriate for my application?
Asymptotically unbiased estimator using MLE
Best practice for dimensionality reduction using Principal Component Analysis (PCA) and/or Linear Discriminant Analysis (LDA)
Sample size vs response rate, which is more important?
Estimate average percentage error based on another gaussian measurement
Maximum likelihood estimator for variance in two linear models
Probability of certain value of $\chi^2$ given a number of trials
R: How to to simulate ARIMA using starting values?
Law of iterated expectations - an small exercise
Faith in an extrapolated result
How to compute the marginal probability form conditional probabilities in logspace?
Variable A predicts B, variable B predicts C
Compare one distribution with multiple other distribution
How to fit two or more datasets with different occurence for regression
Which of these points in this plot has the highest leverage and why?
Fit nonlinear parameter
Generalized Least Squares vs Ordinary Least Squares under a special case
Is it OK to take Analysis of Variance in Experimental Design Models Before a Regression Course?
category selection with LASSO
cubic relationship after linear relationship
Using extreme value theory to estimate bounds
Ensembles of Ensembles?
Where can I use kernels other than Gaussian (like Cauchy, laplacian) in kernel methods in machine learning? Or maybe in kernel density estimation?
Boundary/threshold test for regression-type scatter plot
Is it posible to perform the inverse of multidimensional scaling analysis
How can I make 2-way ANOVA (Type I, II and III) with R?
Difference in difference using spss
Combining data from different sources
Is multiple logistic regression the right choice or should I use univariate logistic regression?
Bayesian Perceptron - how can I generate many different perceptrons?
Sample size calculation for ROC/AUC analysis
Largest eigenvalue of this random 2x2 matrix
Probability of seeing k faces that appear more than 3 times when rolling 10 dice
Variance-covariance matrix for ridge regression with stochastic $\lambda$
Matrix Factorization Recommendation Systems with Only Like Ratings
Exact logistic regression, R, and elrm: data formatting and output
difference in results of mixed effects model in nlme and lme4 package
Is it possible to build a curve with a given skewness and kurtosis?
More than one function of a single instrumented endogenous variable -- is the model still underidentified?
How do you create variables reflecting the lead and lag impact of holidays / calendar effects in a time-series analysis?
Survival analysis in R with left-truncated data
Unable to understand fuzzy logic example
Variance Covariance for logit with elastic net
When the confidence interval of an odds ratio includes one, can the p-value be less than 0.05?
Laplace transform and density
Stratified random sampling and its distribution
Tips for training dropout neural network
Simultaneous multiple perturbations in Markov chain Monte Carlo
Estimating a joint distribution from observed max and min samples
How do I measure a speedup?
How to select an error/weight for two-dimensional binned data?
Tricky question about MLE
The 'best' model selected with AICc have lower $R^2$ -square than the full/global model
Kolmogorov-Smirnov of two heart rate samples
Moment generating function if the PDF is $f_z= Cz^{k-1}(1-\frac{z}{d})^bF(-a+k+1,b;b+1;1-\frac{z}{d})$
Jeffries Matusita distance for 14 variables
Parameters estimation of non-stationary random process using different runs
Confidence interval definitions
Which test should be used when paired data (pre/post treatment) have different distributions?
How to quantify the Relative Variable Importance in Logistic Regression in terms of p?
Ill-labeled survey repairable by analysis?
appropriate hypothesis test for non-negative quantity
Interpretation of Spearman's rank correlation coefficient - beyond its significance
How to interpret Pearson's $r$, Spearman's $\rho$, Cramér's $\phi_{c}$ and Cramér's $V$ correctly?
Gaps in time series and time series validity
How to obtain estimates for all levels in a mixed effects model that uses effect (deviation) coding?
Methods for measuring snowball effects in a complete longitudinal dataset
Is Fisher's LSD as bad as they say it is?
Duda, Hart, Stork No Free Lunch Discussion
fitting an exponential decay onto a regression line
Rademacher bounds for unbounded loss functions
two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov test in R p-value confusion
Smoothing dirty data?
Why use chi-square (or other) statistic over regression modeling for 2x2 contingency tables?
Definitions of Prediction vs. Predictor
What are some methods for generating simulated time series data for use in modeling?
Should types of data (nominal/ordinal/interval/ratio) really be considered types of variables?
Odds ratios from logistic regression on subsets of data using R
Linear Regression makes impossible predictions
Analysis of Customer satisfaction surveys
PDF of a sum using convolution
Do random forest variable importance measures take into account the interactions?
Confusion related to online bounds for bayesian algorithms
What subject is more useful for statistics students
Controled Factorial Experiment Design: which name or resource?
Is it a Wishart matrix?
Steps in making a Global Regression Model
Cox regression problem with time varying covariates
Convolutional networks: how to deal with duplicate filters?
Most significantly frequent category
Analysis of proportional data (Two-factor design)
Turning general regression into time-series prediction
Information retrieval performance measures for unknown test collection?
Standard error on median for exponential distribution
Avoid negative results in Holt Winters forecasting
Advantage of multiple simulations in old-fashioned Monte Carlo?
error structure in Generalized linear models when y is continuous data and errors not normally distributed
Variable coarsening in Naive Bayes
Probability generating function for negative values of random variables?
Generalized Binomial Models
Calculating PDF given CDF
Chi-squared test where observations can have multiple categories
Anonymizing survey data, plus an ethics question
Interpolating time series
How to plot correlation coefficients from multiple regressions while leaving out some of the variables from the plot?
Quasi maximum likelihood estimation versus pseudo MLE
Grouping sequential values in R
Random seed choice changes qualitative results of elastic net parameter tuning
Getting the equation from R's lm when using a product
Obtaining an estimator for z given an estimator for log z
Regression of a dataset using median
Are SVD (Singular Value Decomposition) values always positive? Is there a relation between the maximum SVD value and the original data?
Bayes decision theory: Classification error probability
Dynamic Panel/GMM in R with group:time fixed effects?
Poisson regression on binary outcomes with `glmnet`?
Random Effects Tobit Model
How to analyze two-way within subjects design with binary data
Basic Instrumental Variables Dummy Variable question
Can a trend stationary series be modeled with ARIMA?
How do support vector machines avoid overfitting?
Forest plot for meta-analysis displaying the mean ES with and without outliers
Do the pdf and the pmf and the cdf contain the same information?
Calculation the Expectation of an Inverse Wishart matrix
Can the formula developed by Olkin und Siotani (1964) also be used to compare correlations from Spearman's $\rho$ and Cramér's $V$
Help creating a chart to show categorical data over time
What are the assumptions of linear regression (both simple and multiple)
Strategy to deal with rare events logistic regression
Separating and identifying long and short term effects of statistical variables
Hypothesis testing if two random variables come from a related underlying function
Is there a way to use the covariance matrix to find coefficients for multiple regression?
Better estimator of expected sum than mean
Multivariate hypergeometric confidence intervals
Heavy-tailed distribution with closed-form ML fit from data
How to apply the random statement in my model?
What is the reason the $\log$ transformation is used with right-skewed distributions?
Marginalization in gaussian
What is a good way of testing for a relationship between two count variables?
How is cross validation different from data snooping?
Sample size calculation for paired ordinal data
How does the cubic spline basis exactly look like
correct statistical test to compare 2 poisson distributions
Why is it wrong to refer to results as being highly significant?
How to get the value of Mean squared error in a linear regression in R
How can I determine if two features, given a set of data, are the same feature or not?
Number of distinct bootstrap samples
Neuroscience Equations
100% confidence interval for mean
Gibbs Sampling Inserting Some Known Predictors
Maximum Likelihood through a noisy channel
Does it make sense to perform a one-tailed Kolmogorov-Smirnov test?
Using more measurements of lower quality or just the one with the best quality?
Is it important to convert “integer” variables (with 0 or 1 values) to factors?
How to get only positive values when imputing data?
Binary classification of dated text documents with seasonality
Simulating non-causal time series?
Discrete analog of CDF: cumulative mass function?
How to correctly understand confidence intervals and confidence level
Should the ridge parameter qualitatively change the weights?
Multiplicative errors for linear model
Plain english explanation of the Rayleigh distribution?
Why doesn't regression results change after bootstrap?
Correlation vs Partial Correlation to explore relationship in data
Non-informative prior for regression model
Testing for the significance of the difference-in-differences of adj. R²
Goodness of fit likelihood ratio test with zero values
multinomial logistic regression with alternative specific variables
Finding optimal hyperplane
Can a single instrument reduce OVB and measurement error in your model?
Combinef in R HTS package- constrain to keep forecasts positive?
IV and Exogeneity Tests
Can we use a coefficient of variation as a statistic for testing homogeneity of variance?
How does controlling for variables work in multiple regression?
GLS, heteroskedasticity and Ridge Regression/Lasso
What is the difference between a multi-label and a multi-class classification?
Some doubt in reading Machine Learning A Probabilistic Perspective ( chapter 3.2 )
How to visualize the comparison of 3 different types of distances among objects
How to fight underfitting in deep neural net
Multiple value Chi Squared test in SPSS
Many groups with a single large element and a lot of small ones - How to assess?
Detect outliers in very small data set
sample frame representing the true population
What is the two-sample CDF of of $D^{+}$ and $D^{-}$ from the one-sided Kolmogorov-Smirnov Test?
Accounting for Violation of Parallel Trend Assumption in Diff-in-Diff with Propensity-Score Matching
Survival Analysis why does probability drop to zero
Aggregating pooled regression outputs in different years
Subjectivity in Frequentist Statistics
Approaches for extracting single-year age estimates from age-buckets
Regression adjustment propensity score
Are integer results from random number generators unlikely?
Under what circumstances is an MA process or AR process appropriate?
Plotting Scatterplot Matrix or Correlation matrix or both?
When is it appropriate to use PCA as a preprocessing step?
Regression Gaussian Estimates instead of points
Drawing numbered balls from an urn
Mixture of probits: understanding truncated-based likelihoods
linear regression using heteroskedasticity robust standard errors in R
Difference in frequencies in two groups of unequal size
High model fit but no significant impact of any of the predictors
Contradicting interaction significance with graphical visualisation in glmer
Does k-NN with k=1 always implies overfitting?
Prediction model on online game economy
What does it mean being normally distributed
Aggregate stock return predictive panel analysis
Squared Error vs Absolute Error loss functions
Interpret Pearsons correlation output from R
Which distribution to parametrize price histogram with exponential tail?
Combining $\chi^{2}$ tests
Proper analyses for 2x2 contingency tables
Are pupils in a school independent and identically distributed when compared to a national population?
Multivariate Hypergeometric Distribution with or more Successes
Conditional expected lifetime in survival analysis
IV-RE xtoverid testing both IV validity and RE vs FE?
Question with MLE
How to do a power analysis for an unbalanced mixed effects ANOVA?
Probability estimation of minesweeper undecidable choices
What is the difference between sample and outcome? (plus events and observations)
Interpreting significance of Cragg-Donald F-Statistic for weak instruments
R AUC never less than 0.5?
Test for aggregation of binary events/successes (binomial/glm??)
Recognition of simple patterns and prediction
Correlation in linear regression
Is there a name for the following coding scheme?
Binary or Multinomial Logistic Regression in SPSS: Interpretation and Reference Categories
When do sample size calculations need to adjust for clustering?
probability of tally having a count of 0 in x variables after sampling with replacement
Multiple comparisons in a non-parametric test
Lag order for Granger Causality Test
IV First and Second Stage Graphs and Interpretations
What are the units of the second derivative?
Can seasonality be detected / explored with principal components analysis?
Do multiple observers increase the probability of detecting an event?
Comparing OLS and ML through log likelihood value
What methods can be used to transform data?
Intuition behind which eigenvectors to use in PCA for orthogonal regression
Restricted fitting of two-component mixture distribution in R possible?
What is a cumulative Binomial probability?
Correlations with categorical variables
LCA number of parameters & degrees of freedom
Integrate first derivation - area under curve of first derivation
Bayesian method for computing credibility interval for correlated time series
What loss function can I use for linear classification?
gbm.perf with method = test returns n.trees from last run
Power Analysis for Text Mining
In CHAID, shouldn't we merge categories when p<alpha rather than p>alpha?
Does free SPSS 16 actually exist?
Backshift operator property not clear
Cochran's Q & McNemar tests together
ABC: Why not use the distance measure as a pseudo-likelihood instead?
Setting up feature vectors
Probit regression in R giving singular Hessian matrix
Principal components using correlation matrix in R
Using Leave-One-Out Cross Validation with LARS
Meaning of latent features?
F-statistic value is too high for my model
Plot directed acyclic graph with scaled edge length
Singular covariance matrix in exploratory Factor Analysis
Can I use non-linear PCA (CATPCA?) on my multivariate dataset that contains nominal AND ordinal data?
scatterplot smoothing in r with big dataset: different methods
Interpreting one- and two-tailed tests
Can I do a t-test Power Analysis for Unequal Size Groups which Produces 2 Different Minimum n's?
Unwritten laws and dirty tricks to influence the outcome of a regression analysis
consequences of lagged dependent variables in panel data and how to deal with it?
Quality Control Chart for non-normal distributed data
K-means metrics
Why does the EM algorithm have to be iterative?
Correlation between variables over time
Logistic regression and error terms
Intervention Analysis Coding in R TSA Package
clustering accuracy
Value of r, i.e. correlation coefficient, of data points on a horizontal straight line
The size of the sample for split validation
R, lavaan package, latent change model: Definition of change parameter?
Comparing performances during a race between 2 groups, which test should I use?
Pull out most important variables from PCA
cluster analysis, Ward: how to evaluate number of clusters and their quality?
Multiple imputation with additive constraint
Understanding Singular Value Decomposition in the context of LSI
Iterative process for removing extreme samples
Difference between random effect and random intercept model
Satterthwaite vs Kenward-Roger approximations for the df in mixed effects models
R scatterplot matrix with nonparametric density
Stationarity consideration in ARIMA using KPSS test
Fisher's & McNemar's tests
Are significance tests only about sampling error or other forms of variation also?
How to determine whether an indirect effect is statistically significant using Bayesian statistics?
Applying regression models in R
Significant difference between proportions, found at sample size below that suggested by power analysis
What is the “Logistic Regression”? I cannot have a unified concept
Distribution function of maximum of n iid standard uniform random variables where n is poisson distributed
Verifying representativeness of a sample, after simple random sampling
Is cross validation needed?
How to do the prediction of user action?
Multi-class classification via all pairwise classifications with LDA
Testing change in categories?
Joint test for absolute value of a mean
Inverse Differencing and ARIMA Model Equivalence
How to understand the log marginal likelihood of a Gaussian Process?
Creating statistically balanced teams
f test of equality of variance on error variances
R - power.prop.test, prop.test, and unequal sample sizes in A/B tests
How to approach time series regression with one continuous variable and one  almost Boolean variable?
Viterbi-like algorithm with a single observation
Interaction in time series analysis
What model would be appropriate for predicting electrical consumption given multiple (mostly) independent variables?
Calculating effect sizes and standard errors for the difference between two standardized mean differences
Predictor subset of another predictor in linear regression model
Image clustering and Dirichlet process
ARIMA modeling with more than one Categorical Variable
Testing for heteroskedasticity of time series in R
Clustering a completely interconnected graph with weighted edges
A clustering and classification question
Catagorical variables with very uneven distributions? Removal/modify/leave?
Aspect data in linear regression
Repeated multiple regression for LASSO significance testing
Linear and semi-log regression model
Given time series data, how to model the frequency of someone changes his job?
Statistically correct to compare two Spearman's $\rho$-Vaules?
What is the right way to analyze a nested design in R?
How to visualize this data?
Island Hopping with Metropolis Algorithm
Confidence size and coverage probability in a confidence set?
Pearson Correlation for Clustered data
Algorithm for rating books: Relative perception
Derive minimum positive rate of change for co2 data
importance of predictor variables in multiple linear regression
How to normalize bimodal (or multimodal) distributions?
which regression model: nested, censored data
Clarification on interpreting Wald's test and Likelihood ratio tests
How to compare difference between two time series?
Can I do two factor repeated measures ANOVA with differing numbers of measures per group?
Repeated measure nested within individuals?
Expected coverage of a set of random samples
Statistics:Power Question Update
Comparing two variance matrices
Can I difference after fitting a time series regression model?
Confidence Interval and Signifcance test Question
How to get percentiles from empirical density in R?
Does one group respond differently from others
Is hold-out validation a better approximation of getting new data than k-fold CV?
Combining two Odds ratios with the same control group
Practical issues with dynamic panel data modeling
What are appropriate validation methods for a Bayesian network model with low sample size?
R GLM verifying performance statistics for validation
Obtaining posteriors for exclusive and exhaustive hypotheses
What kinds of PRNG exist outside Linear congruential generators?
demonstration of benefits of ridge regression over ordinary regression
LASSO in the data with large number of variables (p) with lower number of samples (n)
Reducing the number of interaction terms in a diff-in-diff model?
ARIMA Intervention Transfer Function - How to Visualize the Effect
Convergence in distribution of sum implies marginal convergence?
Time Series Data Mining Library?
Log approximation
Averaging z scores when doing a group by
power of poisson test with large sample size
SPSS: Pearson's r not significant but confidence intervals do not include 0
Confidence interval for N, based on binomial
Mean reversion in AR(1) process
Hyper-volume of the $\alpha$ contour of a multivariate Gaussian
code assistance - how to bootstrap and plot paths with a mixed model
Why does SAS Enterprise Miner keep all dummy variables for a coded categorical variable in stepwise logistic regression?
Is there a statistical measure for how much a variable fluctuates over time?
How to perform proper data mining on time-series data?
multivariate sorting / ranking
Mixed effects modelling; what to do when model is over-specified?
Probability that a sum of potential numbers is greater than some value
Probability statement with a confidence interval
Is there a Bayesian approach to density estimation
MCMC: examples of when direct sampling is difficult (but Metropolis Hastings is easy)
Disaggregation of spatial autocorrelation parameter
Which notation and why: $\text{P}()$, $\Pr()$, $\text{Prob}()$, or $\mathbb{P}()$
Why do ANOVA p and F values change?
Scaling in SVM (why and how to , plus references)
Most efficient way to check answers to exercises when learning from a statistics textbook?
Is it a problem to have non homogeneus sampling time in Bayes Filter?
Confidence interval for poisson distributed data
Comparing and contrasting classification trees over the years
Are there any time-series visualization tools available for HDF5 files?
Normalizing Vs. Scaling
Bayesian lasso vs ordinary lasso
The distribution of a sufficient statistic
How to find conditional distribution for Rao-Blackwellizing an estimator?
Analysis for cross-subjects correlation
How to check if data needs to be seasonally differenced in MATLAB
Bounded expectation implied bounded conditional or vice versa?
Convert Cross Correlation to Probability value
What is max-sum / max-product variant of loopy BP computing?
Cronbach's Alpha low- significant results
Moments of the two-parameter generalized Pareto distribution (GPD) needed
CV for LASSO tuning parameter using LARS
How to do multivariate regression in R?
Compute mode of a quadratic regression with confidence intervals
how to calculate effective degrees of freedom in ridge regression in R
comparing OLS, ridge and lasso
Which statistics to use calculating prediction interval of dummy linear regression?
Estimating a distribution from a dataset with multiple parameters
Uncertainty consistency?
In R, what does anova(f1, f2, f3) compare?
Does the order of magnitude of sample values influence p-values and effect size?
Estimating abundance using non-normal count data
variance of doubly truncated binomial
Greater than 1 Naive Bayes Probabilities?
Model without endogeneity correction has lower AIC than one with correction
Is binary hypothesis testing a better statistical term than A/B testing?
Cross-correlation in R – dealing with missing values
Question about Dynkin Lehmann Scheffe Theorem
chi square test or Z test?
AIC, BIC and GCV: what is best for making decision in penalized regression methods?
Selection bias correction and a multinomial logit
Neural networks creates negative output
Confidence interval for the standard deviation on a bimodal distribution
What does standard deviation tell us in non-normal distribution
Proper scoring rules for observations with different supports
Equivalent of paired $t$-test for dispersion
How does cross-validation and the Bayesian method overcome the overfitting problem?
Hat matrix,$H=X(X^{\prime}X )^{-1}X^{\prime}$
Optimal Allocation
Multi-armed bandit in face of full reward information
Should the 'TPR of adaboost' be better than base classifiers'?
large variables and low sample (p > n) problem: ridge , LASSO, PLS, PCR which is most suitable for predictions
Simple SVM Question
How to handle unseen features in a Naive Bayes classifier?
Predict/impute one cell of matrix using all other cells
Two sample differences between percentage means with negative percentages
Optimal strategy in growing jackpot scenario
Overly-sensitive goodness of fit measure: where did I go wrong?
Similarities and differences between correlation and regression
Estimating correlation between random slopes and random intercepts using the lme4 package in R
Mann-Kendall test STATA
How to interpret coefficients of $x$ and $x^2$ in same regression
Feature Selection - Mutual Information with response variable that takes three values
Poisson Regression Residuals
R: Fitting a model with periodic, nonlinear and categorical components
Endogeneity & IV = model misspecification?
which statistic should I use for inter-rater agreement on nominal data, multiple responses
If two time series $X$ and $Z$ follow $0 \leq Z \leq X$, can we say that $\text{var}(Z) \leq \text{var}(X)$?
Different p-values between Wald Z and Wald Chisquare
Statistical significance in binomial variable: how many tests needed?
sum and product rules of probability
How to cope with missing data in logistic regression?
Confidence interval for absolute changes
Comparing file sizes day on day for outliers, what test to use?
Difference between Time series and repeated measures analysis?
Deriving the bivariate Poisson distribution
Kernel selection using SVM for keyword frequency classification
Help with determining model for cross-sectional data where all variables are dummies
What does Class Complexity mean in Weka?
Defining a simple linear regression of reaction times against stimulus number
Using the results of a non-metric multidimensional scaling to derive a measure of deviance
How to solve for the parameters in a logistic function?
Defining constraint on prior with potential class
How do you validate your machine learning models?
An association rules algorithm that maintains the order of items
How to do multivariate outlier detection in mixed data with category?
Methods in R or Python to perform feature selection in unsupervised learning
How to deal with not applicable values in categorical variables
Logistic regression with multi-class features in R
Is it possible to statistically test relationships between counts and percentages?
How to decide which penalty measure to use ? any general guidelines or thumb rules out of textbook
How to obtain a complete ANOVA table from a mixed model in R?
Non specific order of probabilities in a time step
In inverse theory, how do I transform the averaging kernel matrix to a new grid?
Comparing coefficients of two variables: one is significant, the other is not significant
Number of significant linear predictors if predictors are not independent?
Multivariate model in lme() with independent random effect, similar to MCMCglmm
The standard normal distribution vs the t-distribution
How many answers to memorize for a test?
X vs x Notation in law of large numbers
Markov blanket conditional distribution derivation
mediator or moderator variable?
In Naive Bayes, why bother with Laplacian smoothing when we have unknown words in the test set?
Bayesian stats: trick to accept the null?
Interpreting results of a GLM used for eQTL analysis
Correlations within Factor in a psychometric measurement instrument
Estimating the absolute decline of rates
Comparison of two means
Expected required sample length to train a hidden Markov model
Sample size calculation for multilevel, longitudinal experiment
Calculate coefficients in a ordinal logistic regression with R
Using a PCA to reduce response variables or multivariate multiple regression?
How to test whether a distribution follows a power law?
Formula for adjusted mean - Is this correct?
Small number of points driving correlation
Use of multiple regression for data on 20 countries representing nearly the whole population
Is it a reasonable rule of thumb to examine Pearson and Spearman correlations, and use the latter if they are very different?
References suggested for multivariate analysis of several similar time series
VIsualizing the effect that only one predictor has on the outcome (R)
Weighting on tables
Two or more time series. What is the best way to test whether one of them is leading and by what time period?
Capturing Seasonality in Multiple Regression for daily data
Simulated MLE does not exist, when trying to Bootstrap likelihood combinant
What is a semantic map
Basic problem in Bayesian inference
Partition of sums of squares (ANOVA)
Difference between Factorization machines and Matrix Factorization?
Should a Poisson regression be carried out with only 3 data points?
Lower and Upper confidence limit on estimated arithmetic mean using Land's exact
Why does frequentist hypothesis testing become biased towards rejecting the null hypothesis with sufficiently large samples?
Seeking a continuous, parametric, bimodal sampling distribution for proportions
Modification of categorical outcomes in small samples
In confusion with a Bayesian statistical problem
Is there an effect size for Kappa's?
How to evaluate a statistical test for fairness of a coin?
Is linear discriminant analysis (LDA) more likely to overfit than support vector machine (SVM)?
Combining data sets that have been adjusted for multiple testing
Statistical Significance or Unambiguous Direction of Influence?
How to plot a comparison of read counts in R
Unbiased Estimator of Days Until Completion?
SVM Classification with Duplicate Training Instances
Kruskal–Wallis Test not significant but Mann Whitney U significant
High precision with low recall SVM
Repeated measures vs. cluster in logistic regression
What's the optimal way to encode a 'month' feature?
Model Formulae. correct model?
ACF and PACF plot analysis
Is it Poisson distributed, and if so, what's its meaning?
How to assess the importance of the features which come from intersection of features of the two models?
Where can I find resources to learn about change-point analysis ?
How to apply hurdle models to panel data (using Stata)?
Interpreting Residual and Null Deviance in GLM R
What is statistical Bias?
What do NORB and CIFAR stand for?
Power analysis for binomial data when sample sizes are different
Cook's Distance
Multivariate logit
Filtering using a SARIMA model in R
For a model like this what performance measures can I calculate and how?
What are the statistical implications of assigning treatment and control in time series study under 2 different approaches?
Should I perform multiple t-test or an ANOVA?
10% dip in February for metrics that count?
Algorithm for rating books: Relative perception
How to approximate error on Chi-Squared Fit when bin counts are zero
Standardizing before/after/at all when using multi-class LDA for pre-processing step
Dimensionality reduction (PCA) for plotting text documents on a graph
What is your favorite statistical graph?
R - Test for homogeneity of regression slopes results in singular model
What is the difference between ex ante and a priori, if any?
Notation: Deterministic Variable, Random Variable, Realization of Random Variable, Function
ROC/AUC Confidence Interval
Is there such thing as correlation trees? Clustering rows of X based on correlation between A and B
Determination of regression model
KS test - R, Minitab (and Systat)
How do I investigate how long it takes one variable to affect another in a time series
Real examples of Correlation confused with Causation
Only binary predictors -- ANOVA, regression, or other?
is it possible a nonstationary time series, to produce a stationary ARMA model?
How to evaluate fit of a logistic regression
Do I need to care about constants in Expectation Propagation
How to capture & present lm model output from R
Can you set a minimum limit for the Y-intercept in R?
Using an odds ratio when data is sparse
Extremal serial dependence
Estimating total number of people from an observed sample
Calculated breeding values using markers using animal model in R
Modeling trimmed mean
Which classifiers work well with unbalanced data?
Estimate confidence in multiple choice test
How to compare the outputs of two algorithms computing SVD?
Comparing the mean difference between data measured by different equipment, t-test suitable?
P-values equal to 0 in permutation test
Birthday Paradox -- with a different perspective
What is the daily job routine of the machine learning scientist?
Compare the normality of two scales
Regression on wavy angular data?
Whether to transform non-normal pre-test when running linear regression on transformed post-test?
How to perform a meta-analysis of studies without a control group?
Prediction interval for a fitted log-normal distribution
Training a Tic Tac Toe brain - am I on the right track?
Low explained variance in Random Forest (R randomForest)
Durbin Watson test statistic
Verifying independence for two Random Variables
How to generate survival data with time dependent covariates using R
Longitudinal data where individual id is not available
How can I (Should I?) use logistic regression/the logit function to predict outcome of a tennis match in a simple simulator?
Closed form posteriors for a simple bivariate Bayesian regression
How is the poisson distribution a distribution? It seems more like a formula
conducting multi-level regression on ordinal DVs with imputed data in R
How to obtain the standard deviation from means or confidence interval of the mean difference?
R Sales Modeling with Non-Replenishing Inventory
Creating a cluster analysis on multiple variables
Significant main effect in one-way, but not in two-way, MANOVA
Graphical comparison of regression models
Comparing large categorical data sets with low or zero counts
Two-tailed test
Checking for seasonality in data set
Applying an RBF kernel first and then train using a Linear Classifier
Chi-square plot to check for multivariate normality: Should I use the sample covariance or normal covariance?
Good machine learning algo for partial derivatives?
Differentiating Shannon's entropy
Estimation of regression with autocorrelated errors
Distribution of random vector divided by it's norm
Estimation of log-likelihood via importance sampling
Sum of lognormal distributions
Model diagnostics for a glmmPQL in R mixed-effects model
One-class Classification of multidimensional vectors
J48 Handling Missing Value with Tree based Imputation
How to tell which recipe rating is better?
Appropriate Statistical Test for multiple groups
lmmlasso does not work for p>n
Mann whitney U test
How can I estimate model predicted means (a.k.a. marginal means, lsmeans, or EM means) from a GEE model fitted in R?
Bootstrap Confidence Intervals for Weir & Cockerham's Fst
Use of Deviance Residuals for Leave-One-Out Cross Validation
Normal Bayesian Model: Marginal distribution of $\bar X$ with unknown mean and unknown variance
Correlation fitted-residuals in mixed models
Assigning even partitions for Cross-Validation
Is there a package for three parameter inverse gaussian or lognormal distributions in C++?
Intuition behind matrix factorization formulations?
Choosing variable transformations in non-linear relationships
How odd is a cluster of plane accidents?
Have conducted a bivariate correlation - want to identify the outlier - is there a 'statistical' way to do this?
Calculating upper and lower confidence limits on a population estimate derived from multiple point estimates
C-Test for comparing poisson means in Scipy
Estimating workers within Industry Sector using commuter data (combining probabilities?)
Why representation of AR process comes up in estimation
Getting Residuals to be White Noise
Intervention Analysis - Pulse over several periods
wilson's adjustment for sample proportion
Does the vanishing gradient in RNNs present a problem?
Proving some properties of expected first order statistics with respect to sample size
K-means cluster analysis with K=2 as a binary classifier
Is there a significantly different number of people between groups?
interpreting my own data (negative confidence interval in epidemiology)
Find the effect of a attribute value on an outcome by eliminating confounding values
If $X \sim$ unif$(0,1)$, what is the distribution of $U=\max \{X,1-X \}$?
About cross-validation for machine learning
Using OLS for Model Selection and Prediction - Heteroscedasticity Issue
Transforming data for canonical correlation analysis
Joint density of first r order statistics
Conceptual questions on Entropy and estimation
What is $\bar\mu_n$?
How can I calculate a confidence interval for true mean of one set being higher than another, based on samples from each?
Analyzing regression results
clustering for histogram shapes
Negating conditional probability
Conceptual question on mutual information and entropy
How to calculate the product of Gaussian variables in Matlab
choosing $β_0$ and $β_1$ to minimize the residual sum of squares
Correlation coefficient for data table
Assumption for valid hypothesis testing of the OLS estimators in the small samples
Convergence of Gini index
Get Characteristic Function from MGF?
Why should all Cross-Validation results be higher than the result on the test dataset?
Local median and local average
Which distribution for modelling duration of tasks?
Implication of mutual information
How to deal with floor effect
Abnormalities in results L-LDA
Choosing cutoffs in examining the Poisson distribution (an application to prime numbers)
What are best practices for visualizing/selecting visualizations for continuous data?
Distance between two random vectors
Compare skewness of many distributions with few observations
How to fit a longitudinal model with binary outcomes
How to choose the right distance matrix for clustering?
ROC vs. Accuracy
What does y argument do in chisq.test in R?
Finding the Expected Average Distance from the Maximum given a distribution
Is PCA appropriate for comparing subsets of panel data?
Computing Image Similarity based on Color Distribution
Test that two normal distributions have same standard deviation
Taking a random factor into account while measuring a proportion a low N
probability when large difference
Confusion regarding correlation and correlation coefficient
Comparing observed Vs predicted window overlap/intersection
Simpson's Paradox with new sample
Is a sample of 1961 people out of a population of 225,000,000 a sample size that is too small? If so, why?
What statistical techniques to use to distinguish between two groups?
How to calculate the variance for mean of means?
Possible values for sensitivity, specificity, precision and accuracy
MDP value iteration
$E(X_i \cdot I(X_j>\theta))$, where theta is the median?
$E[e^{cX}]$ where $c < 0$ and $X$ is lognormally distributed
Select most different observations
How to understand kernel functions and how to choose a suitable kernel?
Using empirical null distribution to adjust odds ratios
What is the best way to simulate data for a linear regression model?
What is the False Discovery Rate curve?
Empirical logit transformation on percentage data
Why do my ANOVA tables keep returning $\chi^{2}$ values of 1?
Detecting outliers in circular data?
Linear regression and ordinal data
How to make IPF code faster and more concise in R
Two simple questions regarding GLM
Obtaining error bars for a difference
Good data example needed with covariate affected by treatments
How are error terms calculated for moving average model in R
Two-way MANOVA vs. two-way ANOVA on a composite variable
Calculating effect size (partial eta squared) for a planned comparison effect
How can I calculate a discrete Cumulative Distribution MultiDimensional Array from a discrete Probability Mass Array when dimensions > 2?
Paired $t$ test - Different Sample size
Homoskedasticity Assumption: Var(y|x)=Var(u|x)=constant?
Best proportions test based on counts (accuracy, distribution, etc)
How to generating MAR data with fixed proportion of missing?
Un-smoothing/scaling (help normalizing data)
Formalizing pdf using both discrete and continuous densities
How to evaluate 4 methods with 4 possible outcomes
Why Python's scikit-learn LDA results are different from LDA in R or a step-by-step approach
Can I have multiple individuals for each time point in ARIMA?
Limiting joint distribution of estimators; Functional Statistics; Influence curves;
K means clustering inadequate in determining extreme regions in R
Which regression analysis should I use for ranked dependent variables and proportional independent variables?
Given loads of data, can we always model it with polynomials?
Logistic models as variables in a logistic model
Model with non-linear transformation
Joint posterior HPD region for the coefficients of the normal linear model
When does l1 regularisation give a sparse solution?
Basic idea of zero inflated two part models(hurdel) and application to big data (machine learning)
including interactions in a mixed linear model in R (lme)
Model Formula with deflator
$E(\frac{1}{1+x^2})$ under a Gaussian
What do I need in order to draw conclusions from this data?
Which is kernel similar gaussian kernel?
Geographic regression
What is the best test to estimate the correlation between binomial/categorical dataset?
detect line in scatter
What model to classify a discretized continuous variable
Why not always use ensemble learning?
Multiple and long seasonality for a SARIMA model in R
Presenting results of a meta-analysis with multiple moderators?
How to create a composite of several variables without throwing information away
Using proper scoring rule to determine class membership from logistic regression
Multigroup Longitudinal Item Response WinBUGS OpenBUGS
Why does bagging use bootstrap samples?
Exact central confidence interval for a correlation
Difference between estimation and learning
Writing up findings from path analysis
Compact letter displays with non-estimable cases
Deriving Regression Sum of Squares (SSR)
Restoring original distribution from noisy observations
Model specification with Deflators: methodological question on forecast model
Non normal residuals in multiple regression
Geodesic distance and mean
Missing values - for cases of I do not know or Does not apply
Finding optimal combination of parameters for clustering
Clustering spherical-shaped data
Is positive coefficient of price correct in a multiple regression model
Is this an example of Pooled OLS on Panel Data?
Sampling distribution of the mean of population that assume values only between 0 and 1
Why do we prefer white noise and iid property?
Varying Non-Linear Parameters Based on Groups in R
Infinite fourth moment and maximum entropy
How can I make clusters with highly right skewed data?
What is being learnt?
What algorithm does ward.D in hclust() implement if it is not Ward's criteria?
generate frequency distribution from database
Regression of irregular time series
regression for angular/circular data
Loglikelihood and unusual transformations with binary response models
Walking recognition
What are the properties for independence
Forecast error differences when using weekly vs monthly data
ROC-AUC and Precision-Recall for random classifiers in class imbalanced problems
Modeling Counts With Small Observations
Is there such a thing as a multidimensional kappa test?
Doubt on interpretation of Neyma-Pearson lemma
How to get the values for the graph of confidence limit for the exceedance fraction vs z-value?
How scared should we be about convergence warnings in lme4
How can I constrain my regression coefficients such that they are positive and sum to be less than or equal to 1? (In R)
$t$ test vs $\chi^{2}$ once sample is split into two groups?
Subtracting t-distributions
Predict random effects in a multilevel model with Empirical Bayes
Relative Confidence
Endogenous variable and statistical significance in OLS?
Can neural net extrapolate output value
Simple Logistic Regression Questions
How to measure the magnitude of difference between two gaussian distributions? Specifically with rates of DNA mutations
Generalized log likelihood ratio test for non-nested models
Doing low-dimensional KNN on a large dataset
Predict observation using Hidden Markov Models
What does (scores mapped into 1:m using rounded scores) from the 1-sample permutation test mean?
How do I test for homogeneity of regression in MANCOVA?
Is it necessary to plot histogram of dependent variable before running simple linear regression?
Log-uniform distributions
Trying to figure out a formula and answer to probability question
full batch v.s. online learning v.s. mini batch
How to calculate the robust standard error of predicted y from a linear regression model in R?
calculating probability or filtering that certain subject is not in the particular cluster
Out-of-sample vs. test set
Why is p for 8 times heads out of 21 flips not 8/21?
Making sense of scatter plots
How can I partition a distribution into two sub-populations with fixed bias? (simulation)
nMDS in vegan for soil data
divergence between nls (simple power equation) on non-transformed data and lm on log transformed data in R
How to create a nearly orthogonal experimental design in R?
Significant difference and correlations
Is the Durbin-Watson test appropriate for count data
Binomial model of true/false test taker
Convert normal pdf into lognormal pdf
How to specify binomial glmm with random and correlation in R?
How a quota sample should be executed?
Monte Carlo computation of expectation when there is dirac delta
R Error in chol.default(A) krigeST from gstat package
Interpreting the logit results in terms of dollars
Logistic regression & categorical explanatory variables
Confidence interval for a constrained fit to Gaussian-like data
Follow-up question: When should you center your data & when should you standardize?
An exact paired perm.test is returning a p-value of 0 for large sample sizes
How do I compare sample means in this experimental-control group study?
Brewer's method for sampling with unequal probabilities with n>2
Reference for dimension reduction techniques
Proof/Derivation of Residual Sum of Squares (Based on Introduction to Statistical Learning)
Machine Learning Process for detecting edges of overlapping objects with OpenCV
What do vertical bars mean in statistical distributions?
Using two hazard ratios to make third comparison
Normal distribution to triangular distribution
Calculating confidence intervals when binary input variable equals zero
Standard error of the sampling distribution of the mean
Steps to perform time series analysis
Determining parameters in AR model for non-stationary time series
Idea of errors as 'shocks' to a regression?
Finite mixture models - Basic understanding
What is empirical regression?
Two-Sample t-Test for Equal Means with unequal variances for large samples
How to find $E[x|y]$ when distributions of y and x are separately known,(p.s. they are both Gaussian)?
Combining two separate Cox PH models into one model?
Comprehensive list of distributions?
High dimensional model estimation with outliers
How to transform a normal random variable such that I can simulate normal samples between the range of 1 and 45?
Using bootstrapping simulation to compare estimators in survey
Regression on survey analysis
limiting distribution of $(n-1)S^2/\sigma^2$
Why is it desirable to have low auto-correlation in MCMC?
A naive question about the Kolmogorov Smirnov test
How to explain the large p.value difference between these two models
HMM-forward backward algorithm
Use only the last sample as the posterior in MCMC
A mixed ANOVA showed no significant interaction, but a dep. t-test showed a significant effect for only one of the groups
Introductory Text for GAM
What exactly does a Type III test do?
What resolution should I be using for residuals vs fitted values plot from a linear regression?
masters program in statistics at a top 1 regional university vs a 3rd tier national university
Is this method of finding the confidence interval correct?
Data imputing in questionnaires
To use or not to use a variable that contains information w.r.t. uncertainty
Low pass filter to maintain edge information
PERMANOVA on categorical data set
Intervention With Differencing
Power analysis from Bayesian point of view
When do kernel based method perform better than the regular
Is it possible to accept the alternative hypothesis?
Predictive models with data that have elements inside them?
Estimating the time for completing a sequence of actions
What interactions to include in my GLM model?
Why does the t-distribution become more normal as sample size increases?
Do you need to report the standard error of the mean when the sample is the population?
A modelling question about point processes with heavy tails
Assessing whether differences between datasets are significant
SVM in R package e1071
Smoother lines for ggplot2
How many answers are needed to establish a Schelling focal point?
Taylor's expansion on log likelihood
What are basic differences between Kernel Approaches to Unsupervised and Supervised Machine Learning
Monte Carlo simulation of investment account
combining and contrasting time course GLMs using R
Generate random number from a piecewise exponential distribution
Approximating sample distribution standard deviation
Refining Monte Carlo predictions using observed measurements
Post-anova item analysis
Quantifying how much more correlation a correlation matrix A contains compared to a correlation matrix B
Is bootstrapping appropriate for this continuous data?
Least correlated subset of random variables from a correlation matrix
Clustering a noisy data or with outliers
Examples for Type I and Type II errors
How to standardize data
List of suitable job positions for data analyst
PCA + L1 equivalent to elastic net?
Differences in AUC calculation between pROC and ROCR
Distribution based on rate of distinct values
Concordance vs. Sensitivity
Haar prior for von Mises distribution
LASSO or other regularized regression with censored (missing) data
Interaction between continuous variable and categorical variable (2+ categories)
Working with residuals of regression
How exactly is the sum (or mean) centering constraint for splines (also w.r.t. gam from mgcv) done?
Out of 84 chances in a week, I want about 3 to be TRUE
Does $\Pr(\text{Type I error})$ ever not equal $\alpha$ with continuous data?
Two way scatter plot with time dimension
If not minimizing SSEs, what am I doing?
Is cross validation for validating a model or for selecting best model in different kinds of models?
Name for the Bayesian posterior probability that a regression coefficient is larger than zero
Some questions on Principal Component Analysis (PCA)
Gibbs sample from AR(1) of exogenous input
Pattern mining on a small data set
What does the notation $(\textbf{X} \perp \textbf{Y} , \textbf{W}\mid \textbf{Z})$ mean?
Assumptions of two way anova
How to sample from the distribution of a Gaussian scale parameter
Multiple-sample z-test for proportions
When does the prediction of random effects matter?
How to model the prior distribution of several Gaussians with known parameters
Repeated measure two-way ANOVA (non-parametric)
How to calculate standard error of sample quantile from normal distribution with known mean and standard deviation?
Texts on Various Topics in Statistics (GLMs, MCMC, Decision Trees, etc.)
Conjugate Prior for Probit likelihood function
Mean accuracy for sum of squares/variance
Why do people like smooth data?
Standardized beta for logistic regressionin R
Spatial partitioning of direct, indirect and total impacts
Baseline predictors parametres
Probability of Achieving a Count Level in Time Series Data
Misconceptions about random numbers in a range
Arima with xreg, rebuilding the fitted values by hand
Support Vector Machine Question
Cramér's $V$ for one variable
How can I smooth a set of discrete data points for the purpose of schedule planning?
Ordinal logistic model in R
How do betting sites update odds during a sporting match in real-time?
Retreiving Integrated Fitted Data from Stationary Fitted Data
Find significance level of hypothesis
Distribution of altered Mahalanobis distance
how to complement the results of cluster analysis with known groups
normalizing a proportion of poll results given unequal gender response rates
Need help with Latent Transition Analysis
Constrained Maximization and Likelihood Ratio Tests for Nested Linear Models
Motivating likelihood ratio test vs Wald test for paper reviewer
How do we perform a two-tailed z-test when we *do* know the population mean of the intervention sample?
Name for the special estimate of the mean
Probability for completely unfair stats when rolling ability scores using 4d6 drop lowest for D&D
[Revised]Proving the expected \bold{density} of being the Nth order statistics is decreasing in sample size
Where is the uniform distribution with one parameter ($U(\theta, k \theta)$) useful for modelling?
Cooccurence of Two Categorical Variables
Area under a truncated distribution = 1
Why are there more bayesians than frequentists in astrophysics?
Why is the restricted boltzmann machine both unsupervised and generative?
Are there any inverse distribution graph that looks like this?
Poisson counting process parameter
How to test differences of means of 3 independent groups
Covariance matrix estimation in presence of missing data
Maximum expected difference between players when using 4d6 drop lowest
Multicollinearity in a population model
Conditional Inference trees on correlated observations
Simple measure for comparison of rainfall regularity
Multiple comparisons with t-test: one group with different variance
Residual autocorrelation versus lagged dependent variable
Model for probability of song reaching top 10 ranking, over time?
Total least squares curve fit problem
how to use ggplot2 make recursive partitioning survival tree
What is an appropriate statistical test to identify significantly different timepoints in two timecourses?
Conditional variance - $Var(X + U | X) = Var(U)$?
How to justify the statistical independence among two sets of continuous multivariate observations
Structural Equation Model design through AMOS, interpretation help
Sample Mean of AR(1) model
Triples Test in R?
How to Improve the Design of a Survey of Multiple Rare Variables Using Rare Variable Location Information
Convergence Issues for Bootstrap Distributions
R: forecast function accuracy for ARIMA models
Should I use t-test on highly skewed data ? Scientific proof, please?
Marginal Likelihood Latent Variable Model
Logistic Regression: should I worry about coefficient correlation matrix?
Simulating outcome of 3 political parties
Inference test when data points are means
What is sparse regression model
HLM-related inquiry - comparing the magnitude of coefficients
When fitting a model in Amos with ordinal data do I use Bollen stine adjustment or Baysian techniques?
When do we use multinomial regression and Poisson regression?
Data preparation for Poisson regression: use of individual data
Variance of a variable constructed from parameter estimates and predicted values of a linear regression
Unbalanced sample size: Bayesian vs. frequentist approach
Multivariate normal distribution has peaks
Expectation of a squared Gamma
Control variables- Difference in Difference
How do I calculate the standard error of the ACF if the errors are t-distributed?
Rice distribution: estimate $\nu$ from 2D-data
Is confidence transitive in asociation rules?
Estimating standard error in a probit: econometrics or programming problem?
Fast evaluation of univariate KDE?
Error on interquartile range
Multiple imputation constraining for not applicable values
Linear Discriminant Analysis and non-normal distributed data
Beginning anova in R: Phantom significance when testing for interaction terms
Including covariates increases spatial patterning rather than reducing it
probability that a variable is ONE OF the top k out of n when ordered
Multiple Sample Equality-of-Distributions Test For Panel Data
Does it make sense to do CV-error-weighted model averaging?
Critical region for difference in proportions
What is a measure of association that conveys actual similarity of values between two variables and not just correlation?
How do you interpret the parameters obtained from lasso logistic regression when the response is binary?
Multivariate model and large regression
Probabilty of getting an open-ended straight draw in 5 cards
Significance of average correlation coefficients
Forward Filtering Backwards Sampling (FFBS) and Look-Ahead Bias
Do you need to change instances to rates for OLS regressions
Pairwise compatibility metric
How to replace only SOME missing data
Bidding Collusion Question: Probability of Identical Bids
Terminology for how grouped an ordered data set is
Sampling from a lognormal distribution
Why it is good to take log on Finance data? Does it have nice properties?
Multivariate Bayesian formula
Effective Sample Size for posterior
Multiple Imputation Variance
What kind of analysis gives you the statement If you DONT reach X amount by time T, then your chances go down by P percentage?
What is the correct definition for completness in d-separation in directed graphical models?
How to build a prediction model for exam score based on previous scores
Interpreting QQplot - Is there any rule of thumb to decide for non-normality?
Question about standardizing in ridge regression
Prediction using CRFs for time series data
Does it make sense to calculate Q2 and R2 values on PLS-DA models?
What is the correct notation if two random variables belong to the same distribution?
create graphic with multiple data-columns in different appearance in jmp
does the equivalence of Poisson and conditional logit models hold for fixed effect panel data and negative binomial models?
What does the name Logistic Regression mean?
Priors for discriminative methods?
Logistic regression: Trying to use mean logit as reference group
Mixed joint distribution
Post-hoc tests for MANOVA
Is the population of blue-eyed Martians decreasing? What about their number of brown tentacles?
Kruskal-Wallis and Dunn's
Learned production test
Reporting Mann-Whitney U-Test without homogenity of variance
Reference requested for Moving Average model
Is there some theory of SVMs with infinitely many data?
How exactly does null hypothesis testing work
Multiple covariates for each fixed effect
Which test to use for paired, nonparametric, categorical data?
In binary classification, what label imbalance is acceptable to not to care?
Marginal effect calculation in Stata
Wald test and Type III test don't agree?
Methods for 3D histograms comparison
Applying ARMAX model from r output
issue in using GP_fit() of GPfit package in R
confidence interval for coefficient of variation
model for continuous dependent variable bounded between 0 and 1
What is full conditional distribution in my case?
Forecast with predictable market events
Regression vs Multiclassification
Is it a good idea to use log scale on scree plots for PCA/ICA/FA?
How to fit mixture model for clustering
Difference between full house and two pair in consideration of numbers chosen?
Nonnegative generalized linear model
Logistic Regression and Design of experiment
Polynomial Kernel
What are the exact assumptions of Mood's Median Test?
Types of growth curves that can be compared using statmod compareGrowthCurves
Why there are two different results?
Categorical variable as response in poisson regression
Count data on proportion or different kind of type?
Inference from a sometimes-random time-series
Predicting the Weather
Is there a convenient form for this large covariance matrix?
How to choose the optimal number of latent factors in non-negative matrix factorization?
Hessian of Laplace distribution
Will I go to UC Berkeley?
How to give an input when you are using Machine Learning method in R
How I can measure an error in a bar plot?
Cross-validation with dummy variables?
Consistency of the extremum estimators
Why is Gamma(0,0) equivalent to the Jeffreys prior
Gibbs Sampling Detecting Change point in time series
Is there an R package for MCMC estimation of Generalized Method of Moments?
Optimise selection from a set, with constraints
Is it possible for Cramer's V to be negative?
Probability of $k$ successes in no more than $n$ Bernoulli trials
How to adjust for multiple comparisons with a large number of ANOVAs?
Case-crossover method with conditional logistic regression for poisson model generated data
Polynomial regression rules
Kolmogorov-Smirnov for Pareto distribution on sample
log-likelihood for a beta-binomial in R
R program- question on the mod function
Student t-distribution
how to discard values that are far from center of cluster in mixture model
Calculating means and confidence intervals for groups with multiple observations in each subject using the NLME package in R
What does curvilinear mean?
Comparing transaction counts between samples
Generating non-normal correlated data for mediation analysis?
Confidence bands for QQ line
Is the population of blue-eyed Martians decreasing?
Should you report variance of asymmetrical data, such as ratios?
EM for Mixtures of Bernoulli (M-step)
Interpreting discrimination values in IRT polytomous (grm) models. Are there any cut-offs or anchors?
How do I compute the density of this data set that is made up of two different 3D-distributions?
Predictive Model from Counts Data
Asymptotic distribution of uniform order statistics
Why is power analysis with logistic regression so liberal compared to chi squared?
Document classification problem
From joint cdf to joint pdf
Should I use t-test on highly skewed and discrete data?
How to Find Adjusted $R^2$ or $R^2$ from Lasso and Ridge regression model
Threshold for psychometric experiment with three (or more) possible choices
Statistical methods for analysing correlation between stock price index and natural disasters
How are the standard errors computed for the fitted values from a logistic regression with parameter 'response' in R?
Multivariate analysis?
Does joint normality imply marginal normality?
Weighting words based on position in text
Consequences of inappropriately using dummy variables?
Negative variance from inverse Hessian matrix
finding global minima of a random forest estimator
Confidence interval and sample size multinomial probabilities
Given a series of past coin tosses from an unfair coin, how can I calculate the confidence for the next toss result?
Discrete Choice Model with Some Levels Combined
How can I use Akaike's Information Criterion to compare two models of multi-peaked emission spectra?
Testing slopes in multivariate adaptive regression splines (MARS/earth)
MAP estimate of posterior parameters
How to best plot a heavy vs light tailed distribution in R
Derivation of Regularized Linear Regression Cost Function per Coursera Machine Learning Course
Modeling Rare Continuous Events
Interpreting orthogonality
How to isolate impact of event in a product's lifecycle?
How to find the variance for a mean response in a multiple linear regression model
How does one derive the survival function from an accelerated time failure model in R?
When should I add a time-trend to a regression?
Neural Networks and Picture Recognition
Reproduce linear discriminant analysis projection plot
Solving a practical machine learning problem
What is the p-value for paired t-test if the two set of data are identical
transformation of percentages (and eventual display)
Why am I getting a 10-15% type I error rate for a 2 x 2 ANOVA?
Strange residuals interpretation
Distribution of (maximum) run length
Significant output in Levene's test for equality of variances in MANOVA; what to do?
Bias correction of ridge regression
Difference-in-Difference, number of Units
Should I use the use the confidence-t or confidence-norm function in Excel?
Interpreting coefficient errors in regression from uncertain population
Generating hyperbolic variates
Specifying a linear mixed model in lmer with replications nested within a fully crossed design
Is it necessary to scale the target value in addition to scaling features for regression analysis?
Is it reasonable for a classifier to obtain a high AUC and a low MCC? Or the opposite?
Calculation of an overall top X over several groups
Unbalanced dataset - ROC curve to compare classifiers?
Plot the probability mass function
Regression - Is it incorrect to *not* include an independent variable I'm not interested in, but which *may* affect the depend variable?
Finding related words
Unbalanced Panel: pooled OLS vs FE vs RE - which method yield unbiased and robust estimators?
Regression says $H_1$ is accepted, One-Way ANOVA says $H_1$ is rejected. Are different results possible?
Learning to map vectors to vectors
What is a Wald test for trend?
Over represented gender in linear modelling data
Basic Bayesian reasoning question -- what is wrong with this equational argument?
Removing the intercept term in a dynamic regression justified?
How does one go about clustering data?
Scipy output of Kolmogorov–Smirnov test
Test model coefficient (regression slope) against some value
Unbalanced panel data: Fixed effects?
Specification of crossed random effects model in R
ROC graph shape
How to evaluate goodness of fit for negative binomial regression
Co-occurrence statistics for sets
Rejection-Sampling of Exponential Distribution
Estimating error in ARIMA(p,d,q)
Proof / derivation of skewness and kurtosis formulas
Does $r$-squared have a $p$-value?
nls curve fitting of shared parameters
Interplay of Categorical Data
R caret - how to combine principal components and non-principal-component predictors?
Autoregressive distributed lag models ADL(p,q) determining amount of lags
Meaning of R's coxph output
Nested analysis for categorical variables in SPSS
Piecewise linear / spline regression: explaining changes in standard error
Time dummies in panel data -- absorbing effects?
Average of predicted values with logistic regression
Power to detect significant correlation given measurement uncertainty
Adaptive Boosting vs. SVM
if the suggested power transformation by spread level plot is 1, does the model have constant variance?
Partial regression plots vs scatter plots for checking linearity
If P(A)=0, is A a null event?
Best distribution to handle a ratio of counts as a response variable
Does every semi-positive definite matrix correspond to a covariance matrix?
Why do you have to provide a variogram model when you are kriging?
difference-in-differences with fixed effects
Whitening a regression with an AR process
choosing one pair randomly from repeated pairs
How to 'read' (understand ) an expected value equation (example inside)
Simulation of KS-test with estimated parameters
Comparing anomaly detection algorithms
grofit package for growth curves and prediction?
glm with offset for rate data
Is there a value to show how fragmented is a group?
Is Slice Sampling a special case of Gibbs Sampling?
How should the precision/recall be calculated for classes in datasets with NO true class instances?
What is the difference between a model tree and a spline fit?
Differing p values (significant and insignificant) for the same predictor variable in different AIC models
Interpreting conflicting results from Random Forest & Logistic Regression?
How are deterministic/logical nodes represented mathematically in directed graphical models?
Goodness of fit (Kolmogorov-Smirnov) test for a time series?
odds ratio: the purpose and interpretation
Non-seasonal periodicity in Time Series residuals
The meaning of positive dependency as a condition to use the usual method for FDR control
Regression to solve system of a system of linear equations?
Exponential Family: Observed vs. Expected Sufficient Statistics
MHT: Pre-Selecting statistical tests without Bias
categorical feature ranking
How to correctly choose model based on BIC?
Test means of populations with lots of zeros, is sampling the way to go?
Restriction matrix for a VAR
Obtaining Standard Error of Weighted Averages using Bootstrapping?
Estimating number of intersections between point and polygons
For inference of Dirichlet Process Mixture, why the expected value $\int h(x)f(x)$ is desired?
Show that a statistic is ancillary
Name for a problem where the unknown is a vector of integers and the data points are proportional to it?
Order and similarity measurement
Factor Analysis in SPSS & CFA in AMOS
Sample probability for binomial distribution
Probability of assigning balls into buckets, where each bucket has a certain capacity
How do I perform this complicated ANOVA type analysis in R?
Correct use of Chi-Square?
What to do when CFA fit for multi-item scale is bad?
Pre-training deep neural networks by supervised learning
Mixed model interaction (covariate+factor): How to interpret posthoc table output in R package phia?
Library routine for rolling window lag 1 autocorrelation?
comparing normal distributions using a two sample kolmogorov-smirnov test
Choosing models with similar AIC values
Sampling methods and parallelization
How to Test if the Difference between Two Means from Different Samples are Significant?
Standard Deviation of an Exponentially-weighted Mean
Difference test for beta–binomial variables
Why (mathematically) is the parametric bootstrap usually better than the empirical one?
ordered logit-difference-in-difference
Tool for generating correlated data sets
Cumulative distribution function: what does $t$ in $\int\exp(-t^2)dt$ stand for?
Can Mann-Whitney test be used for post-hoc comparisons after Kruskal-Wallis?
Binning method: looking for an example
Estimating costs with extreme values
Should I use independent samples t-test?
Variance-covariance matrix as the sum of variance covariance matrices
Estimating the ratio of cell means in ANOVA under lognormal assumption
What is the upside of treating a factor as random in a mixed model?
Specifying variable levels in multilevel repeated measures in R using lme4
Non-linear least absolute deviation regression with multiple global minima
Outlier detection in out-sample data for the purpose of classification
Which property of count data make mean-variance dependency?
Standard error of mean for a distribution with two dependent variables
Mixed effect linear regression model output interpretation
Accuracy of random prediction with non equal distribution
Which forecasting method for load profiles
Maximum Rank Correlation for panel data
What are the relative merits of testing significance of a regression coefficient
How do I produce a set of predictions based on a new set of data using predict in R?
Concern with using the DIC to compare Bayesian models
What is the maximum likelihood estimate of the covariance of bivariate normal data when mean and variance are known?
Moment generating function - strange fact to check
AR terms and independent variable as regressors
How can we choose which model generalizes better?
What is the PDF of $[(X-a)^2 + (Y-b)^2]^{1/2}$ where $X$ and $Y$ are two non-standard normal random variables?
Time series - correlation and lag time
Random Forest - How to handle overfitting
Transformation for zeros
Anderson Darling exponential distribution
Post hoc $\chi^2$ test with R
How to do multiple regression with within-subject independent variables using SPSS?
CoreNLP SemanticGraph - search for edges with specific lemmas
Is NN saturation always bad?
Why am I getting inconsistent results from Wilcoxon signed rank test and Kruskal-Wallis test?
Difference in difference model with 2 treatment groups
How to take cumulative sum of a 2D distribution?
Reconciling two definitions of 'uncorrelatedness'
Rule of thumb to rule out reverse causality in the OLS model
AB testing vs testing the null hypothesis
Non parametric anova or two non parametric ttest?
Help with MLE regression
Why and how does the inclusion of random effects in mixed models influence the fixed-effect intercept term?
How many eligible bachelors in a city?
Regression equation formatting
Cluster size in generalized estimation equation (GEE)
Post hoc selection of important features in random forest?
Proper back-transformation of lognormal standard deviation to find confidence intervals around a mean
What's the typical range of possible values for the shrinkage parameter in penalized regression?
expected values determined with model parameters estimated from a nlme analysis
Zero trick in WinBUGS for truncation
Estimating and using reliability metric with the same data
Weighted regression
some suggestions for analyzing two-factor within subject design?
Setting up this generative model for inference: uniform priors
How to interpret if my sample statistic is way out in the tail of the bootstrap distribution
How is the energy function of a Gaussian RBM derived?
Using a binomial approach to calculate significance of multiple significance tests
What is meant by the term 'exponential family'? Why it is named so?
Obtaining easy-to-interpret decision tree
small sample size, large number of variables (most categorical) - how to proceed?
Latent Class Models
Conditional on binomial question
WinBUGS multinomial all parameters are random variables
Ancillary statistic: $X_i \sim N(\theta, \theta^2)$
Comparison between MAD and SD
Stores and ordered rank of products
Comparing 2 classifiers with different feature vectors based on same training and test data
Can I compare two regression coefficients
Why is it called Epsilon for DBSCAN?
Bootstrap: the issue of overfitting
Derivation of normalizing transform for GLMs
Significance test for entropy?
Can bootstrap be seen as a cure for the small sample size?
When to avoid Random Forest?
How to nest hierarchical data variances in R
Why not use the T-distribution to estimate the mean when the sample is large?
How to compare 4 independent means when there is no dependent variable?
Normalization to non-degenerate distribution
Get the distribution of a dataset
How to analyze this messy design?
Measure difference in answers on survey depending on item response options
Acceptance rejection method for a binomial distribution
Can a very bad Coefficient of determination ($R^{2}$) not be indicative of model performance?
Estimator (preferably unbiased) of $\ln (\text{E}[X])$
Likelihood and estimates for mixed effects Logistic regression
Interpret GLM Output (Gaussian - identity) with B0 close to zero
standardization to obtain unit variance
Annual Probability of Occurrence
Connections between groups in a hive plot
How to pick the sigma when sigma clipping?
SEM variances of residuals fixed to 1?
Longitudinal data format in WinBUGS or OpenBUGS, different number of items per time point
Testing the variance part of a Generalized Linear Model out of sample
R model.matrix and makeContrast. Understanding model and possible contrast
Applying autoencoders for dimensionality reduction in audio: Why does this create a low-pass effect?
Does the activation function of output layer differ during training and already trained network?
Compare two small groups (population vs sample) over time
Is Outlier detection in two separate databases is equal to one combined database?
Optimal Number of Entries in Contest of Skill
Prior on a non identifiable parameter-MCMC integration
testing logistic regression coefficients using $t$ and residual deviance degrees of freedom
Understanding the Rank Probability Score
How to find the distribution of the weighted sum of independent Bernoulli random variables for positive non-integer weights
How to find pdf of a joint distribution in R?
Comparing two histograms
Is there a desription in the literature of a Normal hierarchical model with hyperparameters for both the mean and the standard deviation?
Mixed models with R - convert from SAS code
Classification Residual Analysis with rank-based goal
Counter-intuitive correlations vs. observed proportions
Probability of 4 people placed in 3 rooms
how to calculate a summary value and statistical error in time series
detect line in geocoordinates
Figuring out the fixed characters in (for example) a ISBN number
How to structure data for SPSS (percentages for log-linear analysis)?
Does within-group heterogeneity negatively impact random forest classification?
how do you estimate the parameters of a system~(alpha,beta) in R?
Plotting data and polynomial equation when x-values have been transformed
Question about the Bayesian Inference of a parameter
Outliers in proportional hazards model
Effect of sample decimal points on power in rank-based tests
Regression where the dependent variable is the difference between two correlated variables -- bias and other issues to consider
Best Fit for Exponential Data
Automatic identification of distribution of data
Standard Deviation After Subtracting One Mean From Another
Using principal component analysis to reduce dimensions of data in R
Choosing between loss functions for binary classification
How to stationarize profit and loss data with an increasing variance and large negative values for time series analysis?
How to model the effect of time in a balanced repeated measures design with 2 measures each at baseline, during instruction and post instruction?
How to test whether ICCs from different groups are significantly different?
Closed form expression for count of runs in binary sequence sharing same length, number of 1's, and location of final 1
ROC for more than 2 outcome categories
Cross validation with nonparametric smoothing regressions
How to change threshold for classification in R randomForests?
Explanation of density rewriting?
What is the difference between elliptical Gaussian and multivariate Gaussian distributions?
Is it possible to specify a custom likelihood function using the link variable in the `glm` package?
ANOVA's and reaction time data
Why are Winsorized random variables independent?
How does random Forest work for regression?
Best statistical notation for expected probability density
Random effect with zero SD in LMM
Point hypothesis and equivalence hypothesis at once
Unit roots and GMM estimation
Specific contrasts in mixed model with interaction
What GLM family and link function for proportion of time?
What are 'aliased coefficients'?
Is my interpretation of Bayesian probability and inference correct?
MLE in layman terms
error on truncated rms
Testing if points on a line are over/under dispersed
Cointegration between two stationary processes
Cosinor analysis with repeated cycles
Multiple comparisons on nested subsets of data for a non-parametric test
Do optimization techniques map to sampling techniques?
Does the parameter change during data generation in Bayesian Inference?
plotting hurdle regression output
Missing values in SPSS for Chi-Square Tests
survival packages in R that allow for time dependent covariates
How does the inclusion of an intercept change the variability of the residual?
Estimating original series from their moving average
Call Centre Models
What is the intuition for dependence assumption in Benjamini and Hochberg (1995)?
Comparing residuals between OLS and non-OLS regressions
Linear post-treatment of nonlinear regression
Binomial random variable conditional on another one
Outlier Removal in Non-Normal Data
Do you need causal models when doing counterfactual predictions?
Problem with Finding Likelihood: Bayesian
Spread-Level Plot versus Power Transformation Functions in R
How does Pearson's Chi Squared Statistic approximate a Chi Squared Distribution
What’s wrong with this way of fitting time-dependent coefficients in a Cox regression?
Homogeneity of variance in linear mixed model
How to compute this conditional probability in Bayesian Networks?
How do I create clusters with a completely categorical data?
Why are these MLE estimates biased?
Credit Risk and Concentration
Is Baron and Kenny method for mediation now outdated?
Logrank test for trend (proportional hazards)
Metafor package: Interpreting rma model with two (or more) moderators.
What are the most popular artificial neural network algorithms for recognising the content of images?
Confidence intervals which contain 1 but the z test and p value are significant
2 sampled ks test in r
Sensitivity Analysis for Mulitple Dependent and Independent Variables
Paired t-test with subsamples in R?
Determining beta distribution parameters $\alpha$ and $\beta$ from two arbitrary points
Use daily production as a check on whether monthly production goal is likely to be met
Objective test for proportionality assumption in Cox Regression Model (SAS)?
Determining probability distribution for datasets with missing values
Mean of Poisson distribution experimentally
Identifying the experimental unit
Using least squares straight line fitting on experimental data with errors
R find key influencers
Bias-variance tradeoff in the paired t-test
Treating multiple observations per object
R: Is it possible to estimate the poisson noise?
Create age and sexmatched pairs to balance Cox regression further (updated)
computing mean and sd of d-prime from mean and sd of hits and false alarms
Is there a PDF for a generalized non-central chi-squared distribution
Holt-Winters and Abnormal termination in LNSRCH
geepack: parameter estimates change sign depending on correlation structure
Correlation of likert scales for different questions
Rank histogram (or Talagrand Diagram) of precipitation data
Comparing polynomials
What is the intuition behind the independence of $X_2-X_1$ and $X_1+X_2$, $X_i \sim N(0,1)$?
Using k-means with other metrics
How to update probabilities where datasets and analysis methods differ
Boxplots with lognormally distributed data
Distribution comparison across different treatments
multivariate dirichlet for multiple imputation
Consistency of OLS in presence of deterministic trend
Hidden Markov Model with conditional observations
Population parameters of a regression
What is the meaning of regularization path in Lasso or related sparsity problems?
Order of preprocessing steps in a binary classification problem
clustering evaluation based on a gold standard
Numerical stability of IWLS for Gamma models with log-link
Highly correlated predictors in backward stepwise regression?
About the derivation of group Lasso
Is the hybrid between Fisher and Neyman-Pearson approaches to statistical testing really an incoherent mishmash?
small n: some variables are normally distributed some are not
Leverage - influential points
Test for differences in 2 distributions and account for a random effect
ANOVA Theorem Explanation
Inverse covariance matrix, off-diagonal entries
If my normality test is non-significant, am I safe to use the t-test?
Combining categorical and continuous variables to calculate a factor
online resources for spatial analysis
Am I using Goodman-Kruskal gamma or Somers D or Kendall tau correctly and what do they mean?
Why does the scikit-learn bootstrap function resample the test set?
PyMC – Calculate Evidence (Bayes' Theorem denominator)
ANOVA and dependence WITHIN a group
How to handle uninterested missing (unobserved) data?
Analytic or sample standard deviation with binomial data
How do I calculate confidence intervals for a non-normal distribution?
why simulated gamma distributed data have negative kernel values?
Linear Regression with $L_2$: Different penalty strengths yield the same parameters?
How do you deal with different distance based features?
Nagelkerke pseudo-R2 with positive log likelihoods
What does degrees of freedom mean in the context of cointegration?
Inconsistency between 'read.csv' and 'write.csv' in R
It it possible in R to specify a regression formula for the hazard rate for a survival analysis model?
Polynomial Data Fitting for Two Unknown Equation
Surprisingly similar hypothesis tests
ratio of explanatory variables in linear regression
Which Analysis to use? Likert Scale
Time Series Cross Sectional Analysis and Forecasting With R
JAGS prior-based prediction
Likelihood Ratio as statistical test for Transfer Entropy with MatLab
Applying a variance-stabilizing transform to a fitted function (rather than data)
Is it possible to measure the independent variable with part of the dependent variable
Is there a test for comparing principal components decompositions between samples?
permutation test with a distribution of correct values
logistic regression with dummy variables for fractional factorial design
Can I use Kolmogorov–Smirnov test on my Data?
Epoch vs Incremental Update over Entire Dataset
Bayesian fitting - multiplying two probabilities with differing orders of magnitude
Independence of effects in meta-analysis and meta-regression
How to understand this normalized product-moment correlation description
Interpretation of the partial autocorrelation function for a pure MA process
Multiple comparisons when investigating consistency of a device
ANOVA and Count/Percent Data
How do you test for trend in a generalized linear model, particularly for odd numbers of levels of a variable?
statistical analysis with interval data
Design of matrix of contrasts in R
Avoiding numerical error propagation
Why is Lasso regression for high dimensional data better than Stepwise AIC?
Does an exponential model fit my data?
HPD interval for the mean
In plain language, why is there no VIF for binary outcome regression models?
t.test returns an error data are essentially constant
Is there a result showing a relation between the size of the residuals and the correlation coefficient?
Would this be a problem that Survival Analysis can tackle? The problem deals with localized durations and uncensored data
Five-point or seven-point Likert scale?
Calculate mutual information of twitter's users interactions
One inflated beta regression with random effects using GAMLSS
Distribution of distances to an observation from the normal and the median of these distances
How to statistically compare groups for multiple density plots?
varimax rotation, Direct Oblimin and factor analysis
Degrees of freedom of J-Test distribution
Dawid Skene model for BUGS
Relative increase between two pairs of samples
interpretation of Goodman Kruskal Gamma
Should I use log transformation for my linear regression?
How can a distribution of cross-validated $R^2$ scores be used to determine whether one model is significantly better than another?
ks.test and ks.boot - exact p-values and ties
Proof of asymptotic variance
Sine link with binary regression
Which design is most appropriate?
Non-parametric version of paired t-test (Mann–Whitney U test)
Regression: Finding the vector explaining most variance in 3D space
Correlation and collinearity in regression
Gaussian Mixture Model parameters from density
Missing values issue
Prediction vs. Explanation and its Effect on Statistical Methods
In Bayesian hypothesis testing, do the prior model probabilities have to be equal?
Directional research hypotheses vs. directional hypothesis testing
Ensemble model performs better with worse performing consitutent models?
Understanding a measure of convergence of MCMC simulations
Conditional expectation of $X$ given $Z = X + Y$
False alarm in Neyman-Pearson Test. A doubt in text?
How to compare fit of discrete process with discrete underlying process?
In OLS is it methodologically correct to use the variance of a variable as an explanatory variable?
Derivative of order statistics
Homogeneity of variance for time variable
References to papers/books that uses a kernel to smooth a discrete distribution
Does Fisher linear discriminant analysis (LDA) require normal distribution of the data in each class?
Normalized likelihoods
Can AIC be used to compare an ARMA model to an ARMA-GARCH model?
Violation of assumption of two sample Hotelling's test
Estimating parameters and latent variables in a split Poisson distribution using R and JAGS
Help with complex model formula in lmer (lme4) for R
SVM versus Bayesian regression example(s)?
'systemfit' package and systems of non-linear equations/regression
How to eliminate dependent inputs?
Principal component (PC) as a substitute for colinear covariates?
Kappa (interrater agreement) alternative for count-based data which results in inflated agreement at lower counts?
Difference between imputation and forecast
Finding the most uniform or least concentrated density function, subject to moment constraints
How to interpret underrepresented low p-values in Multiple Testing?
whether Y(employees injured) variation is due to X1(job function) or X2(population)
Mean imputation/estimation of missing data
In a bursty dataset, how do you filter for the few important values that make up the bulk of the information?
Do Bayesians believe in Fixed Effect Models?
Estimated random effects correlation of 1 when fitting a random intercept model using lme
Why isn't the lasso selected variable even not significant?
Simulation involving conditioning on sum of random variables
Intraclass Correlation Coefficient Question
Generate random numbers following a distribution within an interval in R
How to predict the amount of data needed for modeling?
Why is the geometric median called the $L_1$ estimator?
Using Yule Walker equations for ACF and PACF
Correlation using Logistic Regression and Pearson
Test if a slope falls within a back-transformed (log) prediction interval
Binomial data and PCA and cluster analysis
Correlation between two normally distributed variables
Using correlations to re-label data from Google Analytics
'Extrapolate' a probability density to a different support
Common name for distributions that are bounded on one side
Noisy label as a semi supervised
What is the role/purpose of hidden variables in graphical models?
Rank Order Analysis with Missing Values
Probability of two aces given at least one ace (out of two cards) vs probability of two aces given one card is the ace of spades (out of two cards)
Supervised Pattern Recognition with Probabilistic Labels
propagating errors through an ANOVA?
Which post-hoc comparison to use and why
What's the relation between deep learning and extreme learning machine?
SPSS and Stata output different
The name data sparsity in different applications
Assuming the true mean
Orthogonal contrasts for four levels - are Helmert contrasts orthogonal?
Mixed effect models: Why are variance components incongruent with predictive power in presence of hidden interactions?
What is a good AUC for a precision-recall curve?
Difference between blind and semi-blind estimation
Mann Whitney test with unequal variances
State Space models with Short Time Series
A fixed effects regression in Stata that changes when a time invariant variable is included
What are some suggestions for analysis of and model development for a small sample of data?
Parental Markov Condition
R - ROCR Library - Understanding predict and prediction method
Is there any bioinformatic databases gallery webpage like that of biocViews of bioconductor?
What is meant by categorical distribution?
A priori justification for using a quartic regression
Regression using dummy variable
Can I still interpret a Q-Q plot that uses discrete/rounded data?
Posterior predictive checking in Hierarchical logistic model
I do not have hypotheses for my research and I have got only categorical data. what kind of data analysis can i conduct? also
Classifiers that support weighting of the instances
Need help doing multiple linear regression with several independent variables that are of differing levels of measurement
Calculate the variance explained in matrix Y by matrix X
Variance of random variable for normal distribution
Is a Gaussian AR process with white noise independent?
Is two years enough for panel data analysis?
Does non-zero correlation imply dependence?
Good papers with reproducible analysis requiring only the basics
Reporting Fixed Effects as (partial) correlations?
Formula for calculating sample size for hypergeometric distribution
Proper use of the coefficient of variation
Is residuals autocorrelation always a problem?
wilcox.test usage in R
Nest-Varying Parameters in Nested Logit Model Estimation (mlogit package)
Fitting a straight line to components of complex numbers
classification algorithms that return confidences?
Is it acceptable to not include high-order interactions (3-way and above) in the model when they are not by themselves of interest?
Understanding scipy Kolmogorov-Smirnov test
Has anyone publicly shared an implementation of RUSBoost in R?
Detecting whether website visits are automated
Weighted principal components analysis
Transforming time series to compensate for change in variance
Using Mantel to explore relationship between geographic distance and a multivariate character
Posterior distribution of proportional difference of two binomial variables
Hidden Markov Models with multiple emissions per state
Comparing Cox Proportional Hazards Models (variable selection)
Identifiability in generalized linear random effect model?
Best way to represent data
Evaluating performance of machine learning models
Run Many Small or a Few Big Simulations to Estimate the Mean?
Good form to remove outliers?
How to test for a home bias in a data set?
Confidence interval for a regression parameter via prediction
Point Estimate of normally distributed threshold parameter with unknown mean and variance
Identification of peer/neighborhood effects in a multilevel framework
Optimize number of layers and neurons with an optimization algorithm
Is there a version of Buhlmann-Straub credibility that uses an non-fixed $\theta_i$?
How to use one variable in regression with many independent variables in lm()
Interpreting the random effect in a mixed-effect model
How to assess the proportional hazards assumption for a continous variable
Omitting a moderator
Comparing densities of a feature for different classes when the feature is irrelevant to one class
Can we skip the lower order terms in interactions?
Test if two binomial distributions are statistically different from each other
Instability in glmer model at zero random effect variance
Are all sequences of of random (uniform) numbers also uniformly distributed?
Sliding threshold for hypergeometric test
Ideas for ratio estimation (X and Y from different surveys)?
Use law of total variance to find unconditional variance of overdispersed Poisson?
Exponential distribution hypothesis testing
What kind of model can I try to fit in this plot?
Obtaining an estimator via Rao-Blackwell theorem
Linear trend in SAS using contrast
Logistics regression decision categorical variable makes huge difference in Kaggle-Titanic problem in R
When do (and don't) confidence intervals and credible intervals coincide?
Probability of event happening when data is aggregated with many independent events over the course of time
Visually summarising a mess of directed line segments
Cluster-randomized trial: mixed model hypothesis testing
Why do we need $R^2$?
How can we combine learnings from multiple experiments in a single causal model?
Testing the hypothesis on clustering
Propensity score in time-updated (counting process) Cox regression
What location parameter is modelled by robust regression?
Find linear subsets in a 2D point (xy) data
Random Forest for data imputation
Restricted Boltzmann Machine for grayscale images
Test identicality of discrete distribution
Handling overflow warnings in pymc
Variation of binary responses between repeated measures
Drop highly correlated items?
Interpreting odds ratio of an ordinal regression when independent variables are negative percentages
Covariance of a random vector after a linear transformation
Computing the F-ratio under null hypothesis
Pearson's $\chi^{2}$ value?
Identifying outliers for within-patient numerical data
Propensity score matching: using alternative methods to create a distance measure
Conditional Probability with Normal Distributions?
Machine learning with categorical data: Can I delete examples?
Significance testing between two sets of Pearson's correlation coefficients
Extracting city name from free text?
Pairwise chi-squared tests with Bonferroni correction
Factor or No-factor
Stock Price Problem Question
Are Auto-Associative Regression Trees Distinct from Auto-Regressive Trees?
Classification tips for a begginer
How to compare ordering of two groups with widely different scales
Unbiased estimator for $P(X_1=1)$
How to test if some data points is drawn from a distribution with linear PDF?
Omitted variable bias in logistic regression vs. omitted variable bias in ordinary least squares regression
Random Effect Model
Good textbook for a one semester probability and statistics course for computer enginering 1st year
Is the Spearman rank correlation matrix positive definite or not?
Determinant of Fisher information
Estimating $n$ and $p$ for Binomial distribution, repeated counting of partly hidden population
True standard deviation (hypothesis testing)
Interpretation of Zero-One inflated Beta Regression with R (GAMLSS)
Arima model for non-negative data
How to compare two variables with different distributions?
Doubts in linear regression
One sample $t$-test with range values
How is the constant in Marsaglia's xorshift* RNG determined?
Modeling a non-stationary bounded series
What does statistically insignificantly worse mean?
Bias in lagged dependent variable
Weighted Least Squares with Standardized Coefficients
Name for combining related graphics
studentized residuals in nonlinear regression
Are there problems with arbitrary application of bootstrap?
How to choose between exponential and gamma distributions
Bootstrapping some statistics with non-normal data
Fisher information for self-exciting point process
Cost functions for weighting sensitivity and specificity in binary classification problem
Bayesian estimation of $N$ of a binomial distribution
Metric to compute structural similarity between two directed graphs
Beyond the basics: intermediate medical statistics textbooks suggestions
How to compute (or numerically estimate) the standard error of the MLE
Finding best neural network structure and inputs using optimization algorithm and cross-validation
MCMC of a mixture and the label switching problem
Linear Regression with Dummy Predictor
Under what circumstances is the log likelihood function of a point process concave?
Central Limit Theorem, what does it really say?
Rootfinding in the presence of one-sided noise
How to measure if a mean is stable
How to verify if values are from Gamma distribution?
AICc and K for categorical factors and interactions
Partial correlations among three distance matrices
Choosing between two parameters in a model
Equivalence in model performance metric like RMSE
Graphing the usage of legal precedents
How to represent categorical data in a pie graph form?
how to compare groups and percentages within
How to compare two clusterings generated by two clustering approaches
scale of measurements in sign test and signed rank tesr
How to customize a link function to perform a logistic regression?
prediction interval of a new prediction out of a weighted linear regression model
Kalman Filter to correct model simulation bias
beta differs from overall subgroup
Linear regression of 0/1 response (Fig. 2.1 of The elements of statistical learning)
Does fixing coefficients in a regression make sense, and if so how to do it?
Treating Categorical Data as nominal or ordinal?
Jaynes' Derivation of Herschel-Maxwell for Normal Distribution
Identifying What Causes a Variable to Increase
Cantelli's inequality proof
Three Events Problem Interpretation
How to model a count dependent variable with upper limitation
lm weights and the standard error
Can collaborative filtering be cast as a classical regression problem?
Is there a kind of random walk process for wich the reciprocal of the variance is a sum of reciprocals of variances of compound processes?
How to choose the training, cross-validation, and test set sizes for small sample-size data?
Standardizing variables at item or index level: Does it make a difference?
Feature boosting via rescaling in logistic regression and linear SVMs
How to test for a significant difference between several dependent correlation coefficients?
When is beta distribution bell-shaped or concave?
What is the scale parameter in continuous autoregressive model in cts package?
Testing correlation between two variables when there are other variables involved
Are these distributions independent?
Bayes' classification in R
Distribution hypothesis testing - what is the point of doing it if you can't accept your null hypothesis?
Evaluate goodness-of-fit of estimation of Pareto-like distribution
Why people often optimize the determinant of $(X'\Sigma X)^{-1}$
lme() with several within and between (categorical and continuous) subject factors
Multiplicative error and additive error for generalized linear model
Survival - comparing Kaplan-Meier curve to handful of points
Logistic Regression : How to obtain a saturated model
GLM regression - help choosing model specification
How to choose data for training a predictive model for attrition prediction
Value for which the PDF(value) is maximal in a distribution with skew?
what is difference between ordinary least squares and residuals
What is the form of link function in this BUGS multinomial regression example?
data retrieval vs modeling
Libraries for Online learning
fisher.test() and Chi-square bug in R
Kolmogorov distribution
Pre-post analysis with multiple post measures
Statistical methods to compare spatial maps
Transform long tail data set to bell curve
Permutation for large sample sizes (and z-test)
Random intercepts as response variables: Is there a name for this method?
cross tabulation of two variables with resulting average and SD
How to work with conditional expectations and variances?
Basic conditional sampling question
Inferring prior distribution
why is the denominator of the correlation coefficient the SD of X multiplied by SD of Y?
Using chi goodness of fit to test if data comes from normal distribution
How to determine whether a set of data are qualitative or quantitative?
How can I analytically prove that randomly dividing an amount results in an exponential distribution (of e.g. income and wealth)?
Different Correlation/dependecy measures
Decompose (deconvolve) a 2-peaked pdf into 2 elementary pdfs
Change detection in a Bernoulli sequence
In ANOVA, if the null hypothesis is true is the expected value of F guaranteed to be 1?
Bayesian inference of a clinical trial for clinicians
Estimate a proportion using priority sampling (I just made that up)
Is there a binomial regression model that captures data with fat tails?
The a priori power of test for a simple effect within a 2x2 ANOVA
Rule of Thumb for minimum length of time series for AR(1) estimation
What is the error on measuring the phase of a sine wave?
Linear SVM prediction time is scaling in an unexpected manner based on training data
Predicting time to finish
What interpretation do the parameters of a generalised linear model with effect coding have?
Excluding the scatter points from a feature
Scheduling Algorithm for a multi-server queue problem
Estimating Probability in normal probability plot
The biological significance of ANOVA 3-way interaction
Outliers and the mean
How to compare pre-post outcome when each subject react differently?
Logit Variable Interpretation
Can the measurable mapping in the definition of complete statistics depend on sample size?
Modeling time series data that is bimodal and non-Gaussian
Problems estimating CIs on the survival function, $S_{t}$, in a logit hazard model
Understanding Confidence Sets
Quantify shift between different categories
How to sample from biased binomial distribution (ideally in python/numpy)
Does the average of the square roots of random variables mean anything?
expected value of least squares parameters
Fitting exponential curve to histogram using R
Canonical parameter for Poisson Regression
Mixture distribution fitting for latent variable analysis
Probability that one person's weight is more than 50 pounds greater than another's
Why is the Bonferroni correction properly used with planned, and not post hoc, contrasts?
Post hoc test for object of class glmerMod in R?
Chi-squared calculation for (nonlinear) model goodness of fit for data with trials
How can I calculate t-score without knowing true population mean?
I am running the correct test?
Analysis of hamster wheel rotational data
Is 'fair statistics' a thing?
rank data in subsets
Product price prediction - include important external factors
Does the dataset size influence a machine learning algorithm?
Distribution of log-likelihood gradient
Excel: Data analysis for university rankings
Random forest - proof of convergence
Generate pseudo-random overdispersed Poisson numbers
Power analysis for repeated measures design with ordinal response
Answering 1 to more than one of the dummies for a single categorical variable?
Autocorrelation summation identity
Is rstan or my grid approximation incorrect: deciding between conflicting quantile estimates in Bayesian inference
Factor analysis with repeated measures
Assessing the Contribution of each Predictor in Linear Regression
Maximum likelihood estimator for $\theta$ and $E[X]$
Smoothing strategies for features assuming values from countably infinite domains
Is it still considered time series if one uses additional signals
How to analyze data with restricted range proportions
What is the effect of having skewed dependent variable on scatterplot result
How to estimate model with both linear and exponential parameters?
Confidence Interval on a random quantity?
Plotting a posterior median surface
Deviation from a trend- Help to define the problem
Deriving the posterior density for a lognormal likelihood and Jeffreys's prior
Model selection using mean AIC for very huge data sets
How do you interpret a significant but weak correlation?
Unit root for bounded variable
What is meant by effective parameters in machine learning
Compare influence of same set of independet variables on two different dependet variables
Optimization in R vs Python, constrained, unconstrained and automatic differentiation?
What does correlated data mean and how can I visualize it with scatterplot?
Random Forest proof notation
Does least squares regression imply normality of errors?
Power law fitting of data with uncertainties
How to get proper effect size from LMM?
What are the tests to measure agreement between two methods of measurement when the unit of measurement is different between the two methods?
Oddly large R squared values in meta regression (metafor)
Suppose that A and B are mutually exclusive events for which P(A) = .3 and P(B) = .5
Prediction error in least squares with a linear model
Regression model result interpretation
What is the name of a distribution within $[a, b]$ but with a sloped straight line density?
Should the average prediction for a given attribute value equal the rate for that value?
Optimal bin width for two dimensional histogram
Unable to understand derivation of Expectation Maximizaton
Inference of Pearson's rho from distribution perturbation
Chi-square test for Homogeneity problem (cell count less than 2)
Do mean, variance and median exist for a continuous random variable with continuous PDF over the real axis and a well defined CDF?
First order statistics (min) of n non-identical but independent normal variates
Modelling Issues in panel regression
Metrics for comparing estimated lists to a 'true' list
Test for pairs of small integers
Negative imputed values
How to interpret non-significant interaction term in linear regression?
How much does the value of a car depreciate due to time (only), and mileage (only)?
With Random Forests, is it possible to provide an error term for each variable or each sample?
Word probabilities in a Naive Bayes filter
Distributions similar to Normal distribution
Find interquartile range of these data
How do I solve $E\left[ E \left(X|Z \right) E\left( Y|Z \right)\right]$?
PYMC Confusion: are observed nodes fixed or stochastic?
R - Linear Regression - Control for a variable
Why autocorrelation affects OLS coefficient standard errors?
Kmeans plotting on discriminant components
Newbie to neural networks
Lagrange Multipliers in practice
MCMC packages in R
Statistical test for cumulative curves
Distribution of correlation coefficients for uniform random variables
Sum of combination
What is the relationship between $Y$ and $X$ in this plot?
Estimate multivariate distribution of dependent variables
How is this Negative Binomial Random variable used to solve this problem?
Heteroskedasticity in a Linear Mixed Model SAS PROC MIXED
Standards on presenting graphs and charts in vector format?
Confusion in model representation
Correct Poisson Distribution Formulation
How to check independence from empirical data
What is the mathematical difference between using a un-informative prior and a frequentist approach?
Could it be shown statistically that cars are used as murder weapons?
Determine sample size according to some unknown distribution with given error rate and confidence
Missing data which simply cannot exist
standard errors of the fitted values of a time series regression
Occupancy octree metrics (Kullback-Leibler)
Test to distinguish periodic from almost periodic data
3 levels model with random slope in R
conditional expectations
What is the null model for a likelihood ratio test of a within-subjects factor?
Solving linear regression with weights and constraints
Need help about a longitudinal study with eye tracking data
How should I design an experiment with non-binary factors?
Standard error bars overlap but significance - estimated marginal means versus observed means
Difference-in-differences with no pre-treatment?
Minimum sample size to observe certain outcomes
Goodness of fit for nonlinear model
A/B split/bucket testing with three or more variants
the role of AIC versus p-values in model selection
Naive Bayes and text classification: which probability model and vectorizer combination makes sense?
Multiple correlated random non-nested intercepts in R
How to present box plot with an extreme outlier?
Help with R and grouping/aggregate/*apply/data.table
Comparing two models
Proper way to stack models when some models aren't always applicable?
When teaching statistics, use normal or Gaussian?
What's the correct way to simulate a division winner?
Comparing treatment means with lots of zeros
Identifiability of normal distribution
Spatial cluster analysis
Why do we have initial wiggle in the prediction of ARIMA model
Detecting parameter influence
Skewness of a random variable that have zero variance and zero third central moment
Evaluating a fixed classifier
Average and standard deviation of timestamps (time wraps around at midnight)
Rank individuals according to 3 different scores
Accuracy score for comparison of two probability grids
Increased Type I error - GLM
Residual Value Prediction For Used Electronic Products
Model selection: where to start?
Does the log likelihood become unimodal when the sample size goes to infinity?
Can we run a chi squared test on a normalized function?
Variable selection: Why certain categories are chosen but not others?
Unbiased estimator with minimum variance for $1/\theta$
Should we address multiple comparisons adjustments when using confidence intervals?
prediction of polls
Why does SAS PROC GLIMMIX give me VERY different random slopes than glmer (lme4) for a binomial glmm
should I include random effects in a model if they aren't statistically significant?
Is it random and representative of all Australians if 200 people are interviewed from the the Sydney area Phone book?
What is a sampling distance?
Low $R^2$ value in social science or education research
Gaussian MRF/Markov Network: the zero precision = no connection?
What are some interesting examples of wrong or crazy inferences being drawn from Big Data?
Struggling with non-normality in generalized linear model
Visualise significant differences in a contingency table?
Zero-inflated negative binomial model for true zeros
Mixed model with lmer: Variance of residuals should give the same as level 1 variance?
Is the distribution of the minimum of two other distributions a mixture distribution? Or is there a better term?
When testing for a difference between effect sizes, is test power affected by their respective magnitude?
Mixture of beta distributions: full example
Statistical issues with aggregating annual survey data from multiple years?
R: random sampling for multivariate normal and log-normal distributions
What properties of a likelihood function are required for quasi-likelihood estimation?
When to report proportions and when to report median + IQR for ordinal variable
What is the shortest half of the data?
Predict Failure time/ Weibull analysis
model comparison when alternatives are not all nested within one another
How does one interpret the distribution over parameters in bayesian estimation?
In simple linear regression, where does the formula for the variance of the residuals come from?
Best approach in R for interpolating and curve fitting a tiny dataset?
Single-Imputation on Age Needed?
Log transformation not making data normal
Is there a method to disentangle multiple lines of data that are intermingled?
How to find which variables are most correlated with the first principal component?
Why do we need to dummy code categorical variables
Mixed, repeated measure model specification and results interpretation using LMER in R
Help with regression and GPA
Book for introductory nonparametric econometrics/statistics
Using glmer, why is my random effect zero?
Strong and weak control
Maximum convergence rate of empirical probability
Overlapping Coefficient between for two Gaussian distributions where one of them has zero variance
How to select a control / comparison group?
Compare distributions of two ECDFs
Data imputation for meta analysis using mice package in R
Estimate average of a dataset when thresholded
mob model tree algorithm
What is a (in)dependent p-value?
Results with and without interaction
Empirical Bayes vs non-informative priors
How is lasso an M-Estimator?
Posterior Predictive Checks
Glm with Poisson in R with no p-value?
Scaling a series of numbers
How to model the sampling distribution of the sample sum
Problem solving a simple probability exercise
Regression techniques for capped independent variables
Is it valid to preprocess data with PCA before running Locally Linear Embedding (LLE)?
Initiator follower analysis with time series data sets
Hard Case - prediction of chain stores revenue
conditional independence in repeated measures design
Cross-validation in multi-level model
Simulating from a normal with unknown variance
Interpretation of multiple logistic regression with interactions in R
Increasing statistical power by having a highly sensitive outcome measure
Sum of Random Variables
Why can't I approximate sinusoid with tanh activation function?
How to deal with unequal sample sizes while fully embrace a dataset?
Is it appropriate to run the Error Correction Model on data which are not I(1)?
Calculate $\mathbb{E}[Z_i]$ where $Z_i = \min(X_i, Y_{i-1})$, $X \sim Beta(\alpha,1)$
Regressing a differenced variable on a lagged variable. How can I fix the error in R?
AIC criterion: definition
Regression analysis if one of dependent variable is almost constant
Are eigenvectors obtained in Kernel PCA orthogonal?
Should train and test datasets have similar variance?
Sample size in 2 x 2 x 2 mixed experimental design
Equivalence of random effects via likelihood and smoothed splines
Comprehensive list of activation functions in neural networks with pros/cons
What statistic to use
Importance of multiple linear regression assumptions when building predictive regression models
How to evaluate a clustering/unsupervised learning problem with massive amounts of data, with labels only for a small fraction of points
Quantity like correlation
how can I include a variable ranging from 0 to 1 in a continuous linear model
Calculation AIC without loglikelihood-function
Using test data sets in simulation study
$\bar{X}$ versus $\mathbb{E}(\bar{X})$?
What method should I use to analyze data?
What distribution results in adding two Pareto distributions
Supervised learning algorithm that can be easily retrained with new data
ML estimation of parameters that do not completely specify the model
MLE vs MAP vs conditional MLE with regards to logistic regression
Interpreting output from anova() when using lm() as input
What distribution family would best fit this graph?
Unknown formula
conditional expectations value
What kind of functions can have non whole degrees?
Transforming data with a limited range (0,1,2) for parametric testing (ANOVA)
If one group has 23 participants and the second group has 117 participants in it, can we rely on the result of t-test?
Visualising changes in many-to-one (directional) relationships (votes) between a set of objects over time
linear regression intercept does not match
Sampling frame of a voluntary survey
Adjust for everything you have in propensity score?
How to interpret glmer results (variance, correlation and ICC)
Quantiles of a compound gamma/negative binomial distribution
Is Student's t test a Wald test?
Missing data analysis software
How to add odds? (or how I got the wrong sandwich)
Poisson regression
How to project video viewcount based on historicals?